"Quite possibly the best pie I've had in my life!", said my friend after eating here (OK it was actually my internal monologue, but my friend did agree that the pie was delicious ;D).I'll admit, I'm new to the concept of pies as a meal, I've always associated pies with dessert.  Ta Pies make delectable meal-pies (I don't know if that's a thing but I'm going to run with it) in many varieties, for omnivores and vegetarians alike.  I really enjoyed the spinach, mushroom, tomato, and Ricotta cheese pie, as well as the curried vegetable pie.  I ordered some meat pies for some friends from work, the steak and mushroom, and the steak, bacon, and mushroom, and they raved about them.  Even I was tempted, based on the pies I had.This spot isn't limited to only pies, though, they also make a variety of desserts, salads, and most importantly milkshakes!  They even have a special one called a "thickshake" which they make with extra scoops of ice cream and a thickening agent.  The regular milkshake was good but damn was the thickshake fine!Ta Pies make single-serving as well as family size pies, and the pies are available hot, refrigerated, or frozen.  If you want to eat in or pick up a hot pie, it's best to call ahead because it takes 20 minutes to heat up, which they will do for you, so you can arrive and the pie will be ready to eat.  Mmmmmmm :DWhat are you waiting for?
Fantastic pies, cakes and croissants. I had the delicious chocolate croissant and the strawberry pie. Oh boy, I can't describe how much I enjoyed the magnificent items from this restaurant. Cream fillings, rich chocolate, crispy shells, smooth and soft. I wish I was still in Montreal to try all the pastries, the other delicacies and items from their restaurant. Surely recommend this place.-SH
australian restaurant in the park avenue dead zone serving authentic australian pies and whatnot? and approved by mister aussie himself, hugh jackman? well, if he says so, must be fucking good! mind you, i've never had their pies so i can't tell but i had some of their desserts and they are indeed good.on the day i went, they had what they call long johns which picked my curiosity. turns out, its a beignet, shaped like a small hot-dog bun, filled with whipped cream and a doll of strawberry jam dead center. sounds and looks appetizing. i didn't pay much attention at first but after having a good look and a decent picture out of it, that's when it hit me. them aussies and their fucking sense of humor!i had one of their other stample, the yo-yo which is a shortbread cookie sandwich with passion fruit butter cream. loved the cream but the shortbread didn't do it for me. i really don't like shortbread cookie as i find them to be dry.while i still need to try their pies, i can say that, dessert wise, its pretty good and worth a try
Now that I have actually spent a year around Oz and NZ, I had to go back here, do a new tasting and update my review accordingly...The pies are not only delicious, they are damn close to the real thing you could find down under and over. Plus, I've finally opened my eyes and noticed that they also sell a bunch of ozzie products... If I ever get a vegemite craving, I now know where to go!
It's been a long time since i had good meat pies. In fact the last time i had them was in Sydney and in NZ'ed. These are just as good and in fact, better than some I had down-undah!  I had the classic steak and cheese, and the steak bacon and cheese, to dine in.  both so
First time having Australian pie like a few Yelpers here. The small $6 butter chicken patty was a crispy, layered, and creamy package, very enjoyable. Mild flavors and not too salty, the way i like it. There are a few Tabasco and srirachas to choose from, but I chose to have mine plain.
Oh my these pies were awesome! They come in a variety of sizes (one serving size for about $6, regular pie-size for about $17, and mini-sizes) and if there aren't any fresh ones still hot in the warmer, there are packaged ones in the fridge. The crust was flaky and the filling was generous and if it wasn't the middle of winter and I wasn't so lazy, I would be headed there now to try more. There are probably about a dozen different pies (including a vegetarian one) and I intend to try all of them! In case it's not obvious, this is not the place for dessert pies. There are a few dessert options (cookies, chocolate, pudding, most of which contain some coconut) but this is a savoury pie place and there are no dessert pies. (I would go to rockaberry for that!!)
came to try something i never tasted before; the Australian food. Juicy and voluminous pies, lot of choices even vegetarian, special rare desserts, great deal in frozen product. First impression was "tiny", but last impression was "wao I'm really satisfied". its definitely worth to try in your lunch-snack time.
Amazing pies, its a must to stop here. The pie crust were very flaky, buttery and soft. It was delicious! They even deliver, which was very convenient for me. Everything was so delicious including the date pudding!
The appearance of this tiny restaurant does not match the big taste of  the food they serve at all...the pie I tried was amazingly delicious, the crust was so buttery and flaky and the veggies filling just perfect. They have a variety of unusual but delicious desserts, I tried the yoyo and it was heavenly....will be back again to try more pies and sweets.
I visited this bakery last summer during our foodie trip through Montreal. I ent in on a whim when we were very hungry. IT BLEW MY MIND! We returned home to Toronto to go on a pie rampage trying to find something close to Ta Pies. Toronto is now going through a aussie pie love phase, 4 restaurants opened in the last year. As delicious as they are, they do not even compare. I can't wait to return to Montreal, not just for the croissants and poutine, but for ta pies.
I'd heard about this place for years but never ventured there for one reason or another. I can't believe I've been missing out on this TASTY TASTY place lo these past 5 years (they recently celebrated their anniversary!).Definitely a niche market but mon dieu it was lovely to sink into a crispy, warm steak and mushroom pie. Heard good things about the curried veg which I'll try next time but really, I'd like to try every single one. They have fresh and frozen varieties and single serving pies from $5.00-6.50 or giant family pies for averaging $15. With a salad or soup on the side it would have been a filling, comforting meal. On it's own a nice, hearty snack!They also have a great selection of sweets including this cake that I was told was Hugh Jackman's favorite when he was in town shooting Wolverine. A very light sponge cake (not too sweet) called a "LAMINGTON" with a bit of jam and dipped in chocolate/coconut. It might sound odd but it was SOOOO GOOD. They also stock 3 different varieties of TimTam cookies (trouble!) and some sweets that I'd never seen before. The sticky toffee pudding with bourbon whipped cream also looked tempting but better on a cold, winter's night...
I got the sweet-potato-curry-vegetarian pie with lentil soup. Both were very delicious. The pie portion looked small, but was actually very reasonable. The lentil soup turned out to be more of a chili (it was so thick we could eat it with a fork), but was nevertheless very flavourful with a touch of spiciness. The other pies were tried were equally as great, with a consistently good crust and tasty fillings. Great place, definitely want to try some desserts next.
Was ok. Not worth going out of way for.
We had sausages, butter chicken and chilli corn carne. One better than the other one. We'll be back!!
Good but the chicken pie's way too rich and the dough wasn't cooked you can still see the butter and too pricy for a tiny pie.
Oooooooh.. I'm a 29yo Australian who hasn't lived there since he was 8, but have visited. So I have a childhood attraction to that Australian taste.I walked in here today after work, next to the park, and was thrilled to see they not only had pies, but Australian products! Vegemite, Cherry Ripe, etc. They also have Lemingtons etc. Which was amazing to find because I usually get people to bring this stuff to me in their suitcases! :)Anyway, my wife and I ordered two pies to eat there, not to go. Mine steak/cheese, and hers a vegetarian. And they were lovely. The pastry was super yummy just like good Aussie pies, and filling was good too. Not exactly the same (not better/worse, just different) but still really nice.I'll definitely stop here every now and then for a casual pie to go as I walk through the park down to Sherbrooke.(Note: Australian pies etc aren't "cuisine" in Australia, they're just a common fast food, like poutine. And it's not so much the pie that is the dish, but more the Australian way of eating it ie: on the go, with a handheld container etc, or at a football game. Either way, there's a special rich taste in them that these guys get right. :))
A few minutes from Parc Jean Mance this place is one of a kind. Special pies based on Aussie and Kiwi staples that you won't find anywhere else in Montreal. They gave a very large selection including vegetarian options and they're all equally delicious. Besides the great pies they also have excellent sweets that you also can't find elsewhere. Perfect for take out or else they have a small terrace on Parc.
Great place for authentic Australian pies!!! Deff recommend you try this place if you're looking for something new... Do it!!!
First time I had australian pies so I have no idea how its supposed to taste like. What I can say is the puff pastry was excellent. But as most British-decent foods, it was bland and greasy. I didnt have the butter chicken pie though, which is apparently one of the best.
Delicious. My daughters love the sausage rolls, I'm partial to the Ned Kelly, though I've tried other flavors and really liked them. My husband finds them too rich, but he's not writing the review so I'll not remove a star for that.
Visited Ta on Wednesday afternoon to grab some comfort food for my girlfriend who is still recovering from surgery.  She wanted to try a meat pie.  Now I know these aren't Canadian style meat pies, but Wolverine said they were legit, and who am I to argue with the most BA X-Man ever?  If I lived in Montreal I would probably eat here every day, I would also probably be obese.  Selection of hot pies was a little limited as it was later in the day, but I was able to pick up two steak and cheese pies, one for me to eat there and one to take back to my girlfriend.  All I can say is, how do we not have these in the states?  The crust was light and flaky and basically melted in my mouth.  For a $6 meal I expected the steak to be tough and not flavorful, I couldn't have been more wrong.  The meat was tender and juicy and the gravy and cheese inside were in perfect proportions.  I complimented my meal with some mushy peas, which I think were good, but as a Yank, have really no idea what they're supposed to taste like.  I grabbed two ANZAC biscuits (they are NOT cookies!) and a lemon/lime and bitters (which was quite refreshing on an 80 something degree afternoon) and hit the road back to the convalescence home.  My lady was equally impressed, though to be fair, she has been eating hospital food for two weeks.  Anyways, this small spot is a must do for a lunch or a quick snack for anyone living or visiting Montreal.  The space is tiny but the service and quality of the food more than made up.  Cheers!
Think small; tiny space, small counters and tables with a few chairs. It's very casual in a depanneur kinda way.So my first suggestion is...maybe go for take out.Now let's talk PIE. I had a buy 1 get 1 free pie coupon which made my meal more even more affordable. If you want in on this deal without the coupon, follow ta-pies on Facebook or Twitter and they'll let you know when this promotion is happening! I bought the curried sweet potato pie, and my friend had the butter chicken pie. It cost us about $6 (including the coupon), which meant I paid only $3...score! At first I thought I might need two pies to fill me up, but when the guy at the counter handed my pie over to me, I was happy to see it was a 'good size'. I'm sorry if I can't really give you the exact circumference, but hey, it was the perfect amount to fill my stomach. I wish my pie was liiiitttle warmer. It wasn't a fantastic pie, but it was tasty. And who can complain for the price?Ta-pies also sells Australian goods at a high mark-up. I didn't get to try any of the desserts, but the coconut and chocolate dipped sponge cake looked a bit sad (and questionable) sitting in the large glass cookie jar on the counter. Anyone have any thoughts about the date pudding or the doughnut? I hope to try those at some point!
Who would have known, a Hawaii boy, all the way in Montreal, eating Australian Meat pies..Found this place from Uncle Anthony from his show. The Layover.This place is a little bit hard to find because the signage is just a picture. Just be on the look out for their logo with the drawing of a head and your at the right place. Parking was a little bit of a pain because they were doing road construction when I went. First off the, the person behind the counter was really really nice, esp when i asked what was popular. She went over the pies that were in the little container on the counter top. She told me what was in every one of them and they all sounded great.I just opted for the meat pie with pieces of meat in side of it. I wasn't sure exactly the name but here is a picture of it.yelp.com/biz_photos/tour…yelp.com/biz_photos/tour…I opt to take it to go because I was just getting food for me and my friend who was back at the Condo. I also did get their popular item which was the Tiramusu..I heated the meat pies for breakfast before we headed to the Grand Prix circuit. I used the oven that was in our Condo and the pies came out great and fantastic. Tasted like they were just freshly baked.My friend who is a really picky eater, enjoyed his meat pie and said it was really good.The Tiramusu was pretty on point too.Over all, fantastic, place and I'll be visiting them again when i'm in MTL.
Very helpful service at the desk and the pies are excellent!  The standard meat (beef) and butter chicken (yes!!) were de-lish.  They even have lamb!  It was a hit with the hubby and the kids.  With a picture of Aussie Hugh Jackman (the Wolverine of X Men) displayed prominently on the wall, what's not to like?Only four stars for the limited seating.
The pies are amazingly good! I've been there with a friend for lunch: even the side dishes are good. Great deals!
Overall :If you eat nothing else on your visit to Montreal, you must try Ta Pies.  Seriously - go out of your way, this place is a gem.Food :My partner had the buttered chicken (sort of a curry chicken flavor) and I had the beef and cheese.  Hers was delicious and really flavorful, mine was excellent.  The crust was buttery and flaky, and the filling was well seasoned with the cheese as an accent rather than an overwhelming element.  My partner lived in Australia for a while and confirmed, these were pretty perfect and totally authentic.  I have never put anything in my mouth that made me this happy.Everything Else :Not much else to say - seating is sparse and mostly outdoors.  Service is counter-style ordering.  Decor... no real impression.  I don't take any stars off for this because Ta Pies is exactly what it seems like - a side of the road pie stand for you to grab a handheld bite and go.  Perfect!
I'm not Australian or a New Zealander which is probably why I don't feel as connected or committed to this store as the others.I do like that they sell Milo (love that stuff) and Vegemite (yes I eat it, and I am not from Down Under)... but the pies were OK. They were well made, and rich and good, but I had a vegan wrap earlier that day and it was much better than the pie (I am drooling to get another  vegan wrap again).. which only tells me that the pie was just OK.I do love me a good puff pastry pie though, but I can make better at home with some President's Choice puff pastry pie and stuff it with chicken thigh meat, veggies and cream.. mmmmmI was actually really looking forward to eating the chicken and mushroom pie but that's a special pie apparently, made once a month. BOO!I would have tried the traditional minced meat pie but I don't eat ground beef any more (*cough*becauseooftheammoniawashingfecesawayfromth­emeat*cough*).Very limited seating, reasonably priced at $6. I'd come back and eat if I was in the area and hungry, but I won't make a special trip out there to eat this once a week.
As an Australian who's been away from home for over a year now Ta Pies was just what I needed to curb some of the home sickness.  I have been back a few times now with my girlfriend who is French-Canadian and she is hooked as well. I think their traditional mince pie is my favourite, but we have sampled quite quite a few of their selection now and they were all delicious. I can say with confidence Ta pies are definitely on the mark with quality and taste. They are equal if not better to a lot of really well known bakeries from my home town in Tasmania.They also have a number of Australian lollies/treats for sale including curly wurlys (my favourite as a kid) Anzac Cookies, Lamingtons, Milo etc.This place is great if you are also in a hurry or need something for dinner later as you can buy refrigerated pies in different sizes to warm up at home.
Who even knew Australian meat pies were a thing?! Well apparently they are, and I couldn't be happier. Ta is tucked away so you might not find it at first, but double back if you miss it, because this place is worth it. They've got everything from traditional ground beef and sausage pies, all the way to Indian dish inspired ones,and each is as good as the next. Plus, for a small extra fee, they'll top any one with a heaping mound of mashed potatoes. So stop by if you can. It's to-TA-lly worth it. I'll show myself out.
They're in NDG now! Imagine the glee when we learned that TA was bringing its pies to Monkland Ave / Girouard!  Villa Maria is the closest Metro stopSo far the pies we've had (as take-out) are:Steak Bacon Cheese. Verdict = DeliciousButter Chicken. Verdict = Oh, Yummy!Spinach, mushroom, tomato & ricotta. Verdict = Vegetarian pies, although tasty and possibly healthy are not the thing of which legends are made. Ned Kelly. Verdict = OMG OMG OMG!While you can easily imagine the first three pies flavour profile you're going to have to try the Ned Kelly. It's a steak pie, with fried egg and cheese and BBQ sauce all in one magical eye-popping pie! Serve any of these pies (except for the vile veggie one) alongside some mushy peas, mashed potatoes and and a cold one and you're golden.They've got big pies to take home and they have little pies that you can eat while you're taking your big pie home. They've really thought of everything.
Amazing pies! Even more delightful desserts!!!The pies are pre-made and reheated prior to serving, the fillings are generous, tasty, and the pie crusts are mind-blasting.I really love the concept of having desserts in a cup, very convenient for on-the-go. I had the Sherry Trifle, and wish there was slightly less alcohol; not too sweet and the texture was perfect.A real hidden gem in Montreal, wish more people knew about this place!
I was looking for somewhere to have tourtiere in Montreal, and this restaurant came up.  It's a pretty small restaurant, and pretty casual. It took me a few minutes to find this restaurant, but I tend to get lost easily, especially when traveling. I got the basic beef. The filling was delicious and savoury, and the pastry was nice and flaky. I'll have to keep this restaurant in mind for the next time I'm in Montreal. It was well worth the stop.
Like Hugh Jackman said, the best meat pies hands down amazing! Loads of flavors to choose from including a couple of veg options take home heat yourself options and the BEST sausage rolls you will ever eat! Amazing desserts you won't find these anywhere else in montreal probably Canada for that matter. Do yourself a favor give Ta a try they also have a food truck at the Olympic stadium first Friday's event during the summer
Brought home a steak, bacon and cheese large "family" sized pie and was pleasantly surprised how good it was!  First of all the crust was so crisp, buttery and tasty!  Seriously.... I usually eat minimal crust on a meat pie as I find it so tasteless and hard to swallow (without a big glass of milk)!  This crust tasted like having a croissant for the crust!  The filling inside had wonderful flavour and was not too dry and well portioned with sauce.  Flavour was fa-dabulous!  I did however think the pricing was a tad high for a frozen pie ($16.50 per large)!  I believe it's a bit of a rip-off to charge the same price for fresh as frozen but that's my "cheap prairie upbringing"!  I would like to try some of their other pies and deserts but wanted to try one out to see if it was the real-deal!  It sure is folks!  On my next trip I would like to try Butter Chicken, Rogan-Josh and possibly a Tiramisu!  I'll update after I chomp down on one or all!  I have never had an Australian meat pie but these may rank up there with the best dinner pies I've eaten!
Hungry for Australian cuisine? Then you better make your way here!It's a small little shop near the park. A friend did research where to eat and find this place! Ta Pies is great for all things pies and desserts! They sell Australian products like Tim Tam (the best!), Vegemite, Milo, etc. They also have Tim Tam Homemade ice cream which is divine! Best thing ever created. So, friends and I were there to take out and bring back to our hotel. The lovely lady at the counter said a whole pie would take 35 minutes to be ready, which was fine with us. She was very nice and explain to us what each pie was and what tim tams were and how to eat them (even though I already knew). After 10 minutes of deciding, or what felt like 10 minutes, we got a spinach and cheese pie. The place is quite small, you can eat inside or outside on the patio. We went to the park that was a block away instead of waiting inside the shop. I think she was waiting for us cause the pie was under the heat lamp. She gave us a bag, plates, and forks. Onto the actual food tasting, the crust looked so crumbly with buttery goodness! It was great. It was definitely a different type of dough crust that I'm used to. It wasn't flaky, but it a couple layers. I really liked it. Lots of filling to go with it too. Very filling.
Their flaky pies with various sauces with tender chunks of meat (beef, lamb, etc.) were so good indeed. Though we didn't try a well-known Australian dish, "the floating pie," a meat pie floating on green pea soup, out of ignorance - next time for sure, we tried Lamington cake!! There are a few descriptions on the historical origins of Australian street food items on the wall, interesting read.If you visit Tourtière Australienne, you can find various kinds of meat pies with different sauces in two size: mini and 6 inches. Also, they sell frozen pies which were not cooked yet, so just pop them in the oven! (nice to bring a couple of them for Sunday family dinner!)Don't forget to taste their scrumptious homemade desserts as well :)
Ces petites tourtières sont bien savoureuses. J'ai essayé celle à l'agneau au cari et aussi celle au steak et fromage. La salade était fraîche. Il y a un grand choix de tourtières et les desserts ont l'air très bons. Le service est rapide et sympathique. Côté ambiance, c'est petit et le décor n'a vraiment rien d'extraordinaire, mais il y a une terrasse qui donne sur l'avenue du Parc, où nous avons mangé. C'était agréable, car en soirée la rue n'est pas extrêmement passante. ---These little meat pies are tasty. I tried the lamb and curry and also the steak and cheese pies. Salad was fresh. There's a wide variety of meat pies, and desserts look good. Service is fast and friendly. The place is small and the decor is too basic, but there is a patio outside by Avenue du Parc, where we ate. It was nice because the street is not too busy at night.
Their sweet potato curry pie is amazing and you have to get the Tam Tam ice cream! Thinking about the place makes me drool.
Being Australian its hard not to have mixed expectations for a pie shop selling Aussie cuisine.Aussie pies are hard to beat and TA succeeds fairly well at nailing the Aussie meat pie. There is a wide variety of flavours many of which I have never seen in oz like Butter Chicken but still taste amazing whilst nailing the flaky pastry. We purchased the Steak, Bacon and Cheese; Butter Chicken and the Shephards pie varieties. I enjoyed them all although my bf was a little disappointed with the shephards pie.TA also sells a variety of Aussie desserts including Pavlova and Rum Balls. I decided to purchase a Tim Tam Meringue which I was fairly disappointed in as the whole pie crust was burnt and quite hard to bite into so I wouldn't recommend purchasing them.Overall it is a fairly good representation of some typical Aussie food that can be a little expensive at $5-6 for a pie but well worth a try if just to get my Aussie food fix.
One of my favourite places to go for a quick bite to eat. They also make a large assortment of frozen pies which are great for taking home and eating later. I highly recommend this place. They have vegetarian pies and meat pies, and their desserts are also excellent.
DELICIOUS & AUTHENTIC! I stopped by TA on the way to the park and was pleasantly surprised, actually impressed. Anyone familiar with New Zealand and Australian meat pies will have high expectations, like I did, when seeing a sign outside this semi-whole-in-the-wall spot advertising meat pies. TA delivered ... very hot and very fresh, which is the opposite of a complaint, just difficult to wait for it too cool sufficiently before eating. The pastry crust was PERFECT and the fillings delicious.    The space is small, very small, and definitely not a dinner destination or for a meal of any great length. I'll reiterate, if you're familiar with how things work in NZ and Australia and how to order and eat meat pies, there's no surprises aside from being 100% satisfied with the food. I'll be back ... soon
We had the spinach, mushroom, tomato and ricotta pie, which looked like the only meatless pie they had that day (it was our last day in Montreal, and we were cramming our morning fulfilling our munchies on all kinds of fatty goods, so, we decided to go light. I would've loved to try the curry meat pie though). It is pretty good; I like it with ketchup on top, but they have other condiments on the side for you before you sit down in one of their high chairs (there are only a couple tables). It's cute how they are like a mini emporium of authentic Australian foods.
I may be biased since I'm Australian, but Aussie pies such as those made by TA beat any other pies made in la belle province. Their fillings are juicy and their crust sufficiently crisp and easy to break into without leaving that dry taste in your mouth. I've tried their classic meat pies, the vegetable curry, and the beef and mushoom. They're all good. I just wish that the pies were bigger because one is definitely not enough for a meal. For a more authentic feel, have your pies with mash and gravy on top. It's fun to eat and tastes wonderful. The place is tiny, so go there on a nice sunny day and enjoy your pie at Jeanne-Mance park.
Small pie place you can easily miss on Parc.There are a few seats inside but I usually buy frozen pies and enjoy them at home.I have lived in Australia for 4 years and these pies are even better than most pies I had there. I've been buying the pies there for nearly 2 years and I have never been disappointed. Great choice too (meat, vegetarian).They also sell other Aussie classics like Vegemite & Tim Tams.Definitely worth trying!
As an Australian I was excited to find this gem when visiting Montreal. And wow it did deliver! I left feeling like I'd been back home for a little while. Here's why:- I had the classic beef pie, and possibly the best meat pie I've ever had. The pastry was amazing and surpassed that of pastries in Australia, perhaps the french influence. Tomato sauce and some Australian brand chutneys were freely available.- My boyfriend noted the pies are surprisingly filling for $5-6 each.- They can show you how to do a Tim-tam slam, for those interested in Aussie culturalisms.- They offer 'lemon lime and bitters', an Aussie mixer drink that trust me, is pretty hard to find in north America.- The girl at the counter has worked as a barista in Australia, and the quality of the coffee really reflects this.- The traditional sticky date pudding was great, but difficult to chose from the several dessert options including pavlova and Tim-tam tiramisu.- When buying a take-home pie for later, I noticed the bill pleasantly reflected that advertised prices included tax - not sure if this was the same for our eat-in meal. The take-home pie was also amazing.This place will be on my radar for every time I return to Montreal, and really shouldn't be missed. If you're an expat missing home, or interested in seeing what real Australian food is, this place is a must.
Woohoo!  As good as it gets!OK firstly, this was my first time going to a tortiere shop/restaurant.  Secondly, these are the best damned pie crusts you'll find anywhere.Thirdly, the filling (I've only had butter chicken) was shockingly good.  There isn't an Indian anywhere on premises, but that butter chicken was kickin'.  Excuse the rhyme.My friend got the cookie that I'd bought but forgotten in his glove compartment, and he swore that, like the pies, that cornflakes and chocolate cookie was maybe the best cookie he's ever eaten!  I wouldn't say it's a place with good food - I'd say it's a place that you should absolutely eat at if you get the chance.  This is not regular good.  It's unique good.
I love me a Kiwi pie & flat white! We discovered this place a week after our trip to New Zealand, and we have not looked back. It's a great place to get a mince pie, or my favourite a mince and cheese. The business is run by a husband(Don) and wife(Melanie). Don having been a professional chef in New Zealand and later Australia,met Melanie and they married and moved to Montreal. The pies made using local ingredients, and come very very close to the pies of Russel or Lake Taupo NZ!They have a large variety of pies that you can take home frozen. Either individual or family size.  Often they have specials, such as a pie of the week or a baker's dozen promotion. The frozen pies also transport very well. Putting them in a cooler bag or small cooler box we were able to give some to my cousin in Calgary who married a Kiwi. He gave his approval of them. They also make great flat whites, and are not too expensive.On weekends Don will usually have a rugby or Aussie rules football game on the TV.In the summer time they have a pie eating contest - I believe the current record is 8.5 pies in ten minutes.
I've got to say that these are theeee best Australian pies I have ever had! 2 VEGETARIAN OPTIONS!!????Say What!?!Make sure to try the Curry as well as the Spinach Ricotta pie. They are both amazing.They were also one of the few places that were open at 10 am on Labor Day. Go figure. I envy those of you who get to eat here whenever you want... I have to drive 6 hours to get here.
I love the food here! I am particularly fond of the butter chicken meat pie, coupled with a ginger beer. One of my favourite places in Montreal!
Every time we visit Montreal we absolutely have to visit Tourtiere Australienne.  This cozy and casual gem of a place has a chef who has mastered the art of buttery flaky pastry. Individual pies look small but pack so much goodness and are surprisingly filling.  The only problem is which delicious pie to choose....mmm... butter chicken, steak and mushroom, spinach/ricotta, lamb roganjosh, and their breakfast pies are absolutely mouth watering.  To top it off,  their pavlova with whip cream, topped with fruit is divine!  Dine in or take it to go.  They are located near a couple of parks, so having an impromptu New Zealand/Aussie style picnic is a delightful way to enjoy this authentic grub.The young couple who own and run the place are very sweet and welcoming .  She is Quebecois and we expeciallly enjoyed hearing her speak english to us in her Australian/French accent.Pass the tomato sauce, listen to some tunes from "Down Under", fill your belly with gourmet food VERY inexpesively, and leave with your very own jar of Vegemite.  Ta!
I love me some pies.  Sweet, savoury, as long as there is golden, buttery, flaky crust and something delicious inside, I'm on board.  I first discovered this place on a tip from my old chef at a resto I worked at in the neighbourhood and popped in to check it out; pies that are of Australian nature?  Is this for realsies?In any case, I was greeted by a couple of flags (Australian and New Zealand, in particular) and a chipper Québecoise with a ridiculous, err, "Australian" accent.  She steered me towards an OG pie (Steak and Kidney) as well as a couple of newer ideas (Butter Chicken and Spinach with Ricotta) and I was promptly satisfied upon gobbling them down.  Over the proceeding weeks I managed to try all of their offerings and was never let down.  The crust is perfectly balanced and buttery and the fillings are always fun and delectable.As an added bonus, they also sell the pies frozen so you can stock up for the winter months (October - June).
Meat pies were one of the highlights of our trip to Australia/New Zealand. The only disappointment we had in discovering this place is that we didn't find it earlier
Being from the Midwest of the USA, I hadn't had a lot of experience with meat pies until moving to Montreal.  But after some family dinners and a few visits to Tourtiere Australienne, I'm hooked.Ambiance:  The restaurant has a simple but straightforward layout.  The interior has seating for about about 12 and also functions as a shop for patron to grab some pre-made pies.  There is room for about 10 people to sit outside if weather permits.   The pies of the day sit in a warmer near the register ready for your selection.Food:  They had about 8 different varieties to choose from, including both meat and veggie options.  I had a meat-heavy pie that included some bacon and was not disappointed.  My dining companion let me sample her veggie filled choice which was also very tasty.  The pie's crust was light, flakey and delicious.  We tried to counterbalance the meat pie with one of TA's green salads and were pleased as well.Service:  TA is a pretty casual place to grab a bite.  The woman who took our order also brought out the pies/salad in a timely and kind fashion.Price:  Dinner for two was ~$25, which is reasonable for a quick dinner in Montreal by my standards.We'll be back at TA and look forward to grabbing a few pies to take home to our freezer as well.
This is one of those awesome restaurants that comes into your life just as you're looking for something different. Their pies are incredible, with savoury filling and perfectly flaky crust and their desserts are just as great, really inspired creations. I usually go for the 3-for$40 deal on the family-size pies and a few highlights are definitely the green chili thai chicken pie, the butter chicken pie and the chili con carne. The sweet potato curry and classic potato top get honourable mentions, too. Finishing off the meal with a TimTam Tiramisu adds something really unique and decadent to the whole experience, too. If you've never been, go!
I missed the flavours of meat pies and sausage rolls from New Zealand where I spend 2 of my high school years there. The gravy and the pastry just reminded the days where I spend my youth days. Must try this if you think most North American pies are mediocre and too sweet!
Tourtière Australienne specialises in Australian/New Zealand style savoury meat pies, sausage rolls and pasties.  There is usually a selection of varieties to choose from, ready-to-eat, either eat-in or to go.  Pies can also be bought frozen (in small or "family" sizes to heat at home).  The great thing about this shop is that these pies really are the "real thing", tasty and made with extra-flaky buttery pastry.  I sampled the steak, steak & cheese, and smoked fish pies, and all were excellent.  Service was friendly and helpful, and the shop has a nice, informal feel (they even play Australian music).  They also stock "Tim-Tams", a kind of chocolate biscuit.  However, the selection is limited to the original kind.  Notably absent are the other delicious varieties available in Australia, in particular the dark chocolate flavour!
I had the Butter Chicken Pie and Corn Flake cookie and lets just say I am counting down the days for my return. The pastry was flaky, the butter chicken was nicely flavored, from the first bite I wanted more! The cookie was was just AMAZING not to sweet but sweet enough and the taste of the corn flakes complemented the chocolate perfectly. Next time I bring home some frozen Pies and a dozen cookies for sure. Please keep up the great cooking, you mad me a fan!!!!!!!
I have passed this little gem walking to and from work for quite some time and never gave it a second thought until yesterday when I did a quick yelp search and saw all the great reviews.  I decided to try it for myself and am glad I did.  WOW!  I called and spoke to a very nice woman who helped me narrow down my order.  I got the family size Butter Chicken and Curry Veg.  My family and I enjoyed every bite.  I do recommend calling early as I believe they may run out of certain pies before closing.
Nice little restaurant. Can't really comment on how Aussie they really are, since I've never even been to Australia, but the pie was tasty. Sold cold, warm or frozen for take home.
Not the best meat pies out there, but they're pretty decent. They're great to take away and eat on the mountain.Don't get conned into buying the Tim Tams from here, though, because you can get them for half the price at Loblaws!
Good chef-not just any old pie.  Very nice desserts.  Chef has real talent, and this is a must go for a cheap delicious meal.
I was soooo excited when we found this place, after a recent trip to Australia I had been craving a decent meat pie, but alas! They are no where to be found in Boston. These meat pies are a little different, pretty much more upscale versions of the ones found at every bakery in AU. They were phenomenal, flaky crust, top notch ingredients, and a wide selection for every taste.  Needless to say I will make a stop or two here on any visit to Montreal!
Great pies. Friendly staff. Try the rum balls as well awesome
So many varieties of gourmet meat pies, and so tasty! The service was great and the outdoor patio was a nice place to enjoy the meal. There were deserts, but I can't imagine using any room in my stomach for anything but the pies.
My boyfriend and I visited Montreal this week! We randomly stumbled upon this cafe! We ordered the TMC croissant with bacon and another with ham. AMAZING croissant I have ever tasted!!! The croissant was fresh and so were the ingredients. The TMC had hard boiled eggs, lettuce, tomatoes, cheddar cheese and house mayonnaise. We actually ended up going back the next day! I ordered the TMC with bacon again. The second time, my boyfriend ordered the bagel breakfast. It was a sesame seed poppy bagel with bacon, Swiss cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. The bagel was also amazing. The atmosphere was very intimate and clean. The service was exceptional. The presentation was very on point for a breakfast Cafe. I would highly recommend this place!
We dropped by this cafe after a long bus ride. The cafes environment was pleasant and the server was patient even when we had 8 people coming in at once. The food was not too bad but fresh at least. I definitely enjoyed it. I recommend getting the bagel BLT with egg or whatever added on.
Came here for a quick breakfast and coffee during a visit to Montreal not too long ago.It was a bit later on a weekday morning, probably around 11:00am or so. The Mon Cafe was pretty empty, and I was able to place my order within moments.I had the famous Montreal bagel, with a coffee as well. Pretty standard fare, although it would be nice to see the choices dressed up a bit. I was underwhelmed by the presentation and the value for what I was paying for. A small plate with just the bagel and a tiny cup of coffee. I'd go back, but I'm in no rush. The food was good. Service was fine. But I didn't see much value.
It was a decent place to have breakfast in the neighbourhood. However, other than their warm chocolate croissant, everything was just okay. We got latte, croissant sandwiches (with bacon or ham, sliced boiled eggs, lettuce and tomato) and chocolate croissant for dessert. Coffee was bitter as well. The owner was really nice and friendly.
Cripes sake, here we go again with the "big 5" review.But lookit, this place is a GEM.  Hah, that even sounds fresh like I am being sarcastic~promise I'm not.  It really is a great escape for breakfast and brunch where you truly feel you are separated from the American tourist traps.  We came here on some pretty dreary, rainy, cold start of summer days-making the 2 mile trek from the hotel on foot to take in the sights along the way (people watching - such a pleasure in Montreal)So, go here a lot and order everything on the menu. You will be glad you did!
Delicious (but TINY!)The reviews are great - I love my yelp community!This was a hidden gem of a spot - all the reviews lay true.Watch for the entrance to this spot - if you walk by you'll be circling trying to figure it out. The entrance is literally across the street from an alley way! Don't forget that part.We waited in line for a solid 20 minutes before ordering.There are only 10 tables in the joint, and you can only sit after getting a table number, you only get a table number after you order, and you only order after you've waited. Bizarre but strangely effective.I ordered the eggs Benedict with bacon on a croissant! Genius (I thought so) as it's not on the menu but the owner was happy to oblige. (Yes I paid extra, no I didn't mind) it was worth it. My fiancé also got the Eggs Benny with bacon on a classic English muffin and said it was good - but not as good as mine.We followed our breakfast with hot tea and a cappuccino and a chocolate croissant to go! (Order it with your breakfast or there will be none left!)Don't go if you're starving or in a hurry - we went there for 11AM and I could tell the people waiting in line behind us were not pleased with the wait - brunching in Montreal is not the same as Toronto or Europe.Lovely breakfast and I will definitely be back - the only thing missing was music - it was crazy silent and the space is so beautiful - it was strange not to have soft music playing in such a lovely space.
I would recommend the breakfast bagel! A cute little cafe with real coffee and freshly prepared sandwiches. Definitely would not have found this place if it wasn't for Yelp 'cos it is not a tourist hot spot at all! Thanks guys!Go through the mall/complex and the entrance to the cafe is from the inside of the bigger building it's housed in.
Decor 3/5 food 3/5 staff&service 5/5Food was delicious and prices were great. The staff is super friendly and I would recommend anyone to go but word of advice - it's a pretty small place so get there before 10am to get a spot on the weekend. I thought 12.95$ was rather expensive however for eggs benedict considering it was only two eggs benedict and a small cup of fruit, for that price at any other breakfast spot you would get toast and some roasted potatoes on top of that. But with a small latte I felt satisfied.
Had the caramel latte...best thing I've ever had. It was a frigid 5 degrees Fahrenheit and I needed to warm up. The place is cute and cozy and was a great vibe!
Located in old Montreal this quaint little cafe is an excellent option for a quick breakfast pit stop. You'll nearly certainly miss the entrance because you'll think it's the entrance to the shop right next door. But don't be fooled (like us and the couple of other people that made the U-turn after they walked right past it), they share that entrance.The breakfast menu is limited on the weekend- just a few basics. They offer pastries, fresh fruit, eggs Benedict, a croissant TMC (which is essentially hard boiled egg, lettuce, tomato, mayo, cheese, & bacon) and the classic egg and cheese on choice of bread. My egg and cheese was good, the croissant was perfectly flaky. My friend's TMC was delicious and her husband's eggs benedict were the subject of my admiration and envy. I would definitely go for the Benedict next time... They looked perfectly poached!My friend ordered the "medium latte" which really looked like it could feed a family of 4! It was impressive and beautifully decorated with latte art. Despite their simple menu, they didn't skimp at all on quality or presentation. The cozy and inviting feel of the cafe earns them bonus points as well.
Nice small place, but with very good breakfast and they serve a very good coffee! I had the tmc croissant and I liked it very much
I don't hate this place, i just don't need to come back.  This is a cafe with cafe fare with tourist trap prices.  Saturday brunch with a TMC croissant sandwhich that everyone has complimented.  It's a croissant sandwich any decent cafe in Mtl quality.  So better than the chain coffee shops but by MTL standards we've got better.  The cincher is the Panatone breakfast sandwhich which should say sample size $13 for half a tiny sandwhich size.  Hmm... No.  It was soggy, and tiny. Coffee and tea is seperate.  So our total bill for two peopleata cafewas $28 and change. Totally not worth it. Thanks but only if you want a coffee or tea.*The photo I took of the Panatoast has crumbs on the plate cause I shared my croissant with him .
This place is really cute and my breakfast was amazing! I made up my own sandwich -an egg and cheese with avocado on a croissant and they made it perfectly. The almond milk latte was delicious too!
Quaint little place that offers a small selection of delicious brunch and lunch options. We jointly had the bacon Benedict, the ham Benedict,  a dirty Chai latte,  a chocolate crossiant and an orange juice... Everything is reasonably priced and the food is quite delicious and cooked from scratch.. The Benedict was cooked perfectly with the egg really runny.  The hollandaise sauce was one of the better ones I've had too. It comes with a side of fruit which is really really fresh. The chocolate crossiant was really good,  but as flaky as expecting but the chocolate flavor with nuts added a nice flavor. Once again,  which is becoming a Canadian norm,  the service was really really nice and enjoyable.
A good place for brunch that offers good selection and delicious food. We ordered the eggs benedict with bacon and the eggs benedict with ham and a latte. The eggs benedicts were delicious and the fruit cup that comes with it was good. The prices are very reasonably priced. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The only thing is when we arrived at noon, they had limited selection of food left. Also, I liked the food and the crossiant I had a lot, but I've had better. But for the price and food, I would come again for a quick brunch.
This is truly a hidden gem. The yelp reviews were pretty convincing so we decided to give this spot a try. It's a definite winner! It was recommended that we try the "Croissant TMC" which is essentially an open face breakfast BLT. It includes sliced hard boiled eggs, Swiss cheese, choice of bacon or ham and lettuce with tomato of course. We were blown away! The croissant was baked to perfection with a flaky buttery crust. We savored every bite. To top things off, we were offered complimentary coffee that was also delish (but don't expect that when u get here)In summary, this place comes highly recommended. It's a must try if you're in Vieux Montréal.
Visited with a fairly large group of people for breakfast. The service was great, and the food was delicious! The chocolate croissant was incredible, and the BLT bagel really hit the spot.
Cool place. Serving authentic French breakfast. The coffee was amazing. And the croissant sandwich is the best of its kind I've had. Yum! Plus not to forget the almond croissant that puts your brain to indulge in the subtleties of the taste. The decor brought memories from Europe and the people in it are the most helpful as ever. Definitely up for a treat in downtown Montreal.
I really wasn't a fan of this place. We had a macchiato which was extremely bitter,  I did not enjoy it. Had french toast for breakfast,  I didn't like the hidden raisins inside it. Just not my favorite.
Just had a great little breakfast here.I'm not much of a coffee expert but me and the Mrs. both enjoyed our cappuccino and mochas.Breakfast was a croissant TMC, fruit salad, spiced hash browns, French toast Sandwich was great, yes very simple but the buttery croissant doesn't need muchWell worth the 3 minute walk from my Westin hotel where they are charging $22 for a tiny generic plate with no cappuccino
Found this little gem via yelp and our concierge also recommended it. Very nice atmosphere, little cafe, similar to something in Europe but without the view. We did see a horse and carriage roll by but maybe because it's a Sunday there wasn't much else going on to see.I had the eggs Benedict (one of their specials of the day) which was cooked perfectly. The hollandaise which I asked for on the side was very good as well. It was served with diced fresh fruit, pineapple, melon, strawberries etc. The espresso was perfect and I was even asked if I wanted a long or short pull. We make them at home with long pulls and it was great to be asked that here.My wife had a croissant with fruit and espresso and enjoyed it thoroughly as well.The staff was very friendly too.
Had this place for lunch as a take out. Ordered the Italian sandwich and potato salad. Sandwich tasted good and was grilled perfectly. It was a square bun with sliced Italian sausage and vegetables on it. Portions were a bit small and not ideal for sharing. Was good. I would recommend for someone looking for a light option for lunch that is quick and tasty.
This was a decent place and a nice start to the day in Old Montreal.  I had a latte and a breakfast bagel with bacon, Swiss cheese and egg.  It came to around $10 total including tax.  The latte itself was not bad.  It wasn't super amazing, but it had the right foam to coffee ratio.  As for the breakfast bagel, it was on a freshly toasted sesame bagel, had lettuce, tomatoes, Swiss cheese and an egg.  I liked the fact that you could choose between Swiss and cheddar cheese. While the ingredients were super fresh and the eggs were actual eggs (unlike a lot of places now who are just liquid egg for their sandwiches), the sandwich itself was a bit bland.  If they had a hint of ketcup, mayo, some salt or something, it could have put this sandwich over the top, but unfortunately, they didn't.  As for the ambiance itself, it's a small cafe with about 10 seats or so but what I really liked doing was that I could sit at the window and people watch.  Verdict: Good way to start off your morning and just people watch.  Nothing super special, but it'll do the trick.
Best mocha I've ever had.  Frothy, silky, mmmmm.  Wonderful service and free wifi - lovely.
Best breakfast I've ever had...literally! This is the go to place for breakfast/brunch when staying around downtown Montreal. The menu is short but the food is delicious! Must try the Eggs Benedict!
We all get the TMC for a quick breakfast as well as iced cappuccino.  Just a quaint and lovely Cafe.
I visited Montreal for a few days and this cafe was a brief walk from the hotel. The bagels, the croissants, the coffee, the chai latte are absolutely delicious! This a cute little cafe and perfect for breakfast.
Grabbed a quick breakfast here and would definitely do so again. Very quick, friendly service - willing to put up with my miserable French. The atmosphere is bright and lively. I got the breakfast special - hard boiled eggs, ham, and tomato on a croissant - very good
My wife & i ate breakfast here and we really loved it. We had the absolute best croissants we have ever had. Their chai tea was also, without question, the absolute best I have ever had.The space itself is very charming & the staff extremely friendly. You really owe it to yourself to stop in and eat here.
We came into The Mon Cafe with the simple request of a heart shaped coffee, it was done magnificently and with great service, coffee tasted delicious and with good company, I can only recommend this little coffee shop, only downside was the price, slightly steep but all around delicious.
Delicious! I kept hearing to try a bagel while in Montreal and I'm glad I did! Wow, it was delightful. I had a regular bagel with cream cheese, it was plain cream cheese but there was something magical about it. Also, the chai tea was good. My fiancé had the breakfast bagel which was also tasty.
Simple, tasty breakfast spot.  Nice people. Really enjoyed my breakfast sandwich. Perfect quick and tasty breakfast spot before my tour.
Excellent breakfast.  Friendly staff.  Quick service.The TMC croissant was amazing!
Tiny little cafe near the Notre Dame. I'm a big fan of the The Mon Cafe croissant or as they call it "TMC Croissant" . Slices of boiled egg with your choice of meat (ham, bacon) with lettuce and tomatoes and homemade dressing served on a croissant. Its available between 7 am to 11 am. They do some great lunch sandwiches too. Especially the tuna, Italian and the porchetta sandwich. But I'd visit this place especially for the TMC Croissant.Food : GoodService :FastAmbiance : CasualWorth the price : Yes
This is a nice option for those who want to skip the very expensive hotel breakfast at places like the Intercontinental or Westin. I went here for breakfast every morning during a week-long work trip, as it was cheap and good and had free wifi. But be prepared: breakfast is really only one option--a bacon or ham egg sandwich on a bagel or croissant. This is a tiny coffee place and they don't really have a kitchen. The coffee is good and the service is very good. I did not go here for lunch so cannot comment on their lunch sandwich or soup.
If I could eat words, I'd never go anywhere else. Arrived on a Saturday morning in January and was promised "the best food you've ever tasted" and that they could make "anything you can imagine". The charm of our server was much appreciated, even when I didn't get the dish I thought I had ordered. The food was good; the place is tucked away: cozy, but without any view or hint of the city outside. I didn't really like  the coffee, but it did the trick.
I went to Thé Mon Café twice, they have very decent coffee and tea and the staff was friendly. The place itself is only alright. I wouldn't mind coming back but it just would not be my first choice.
As everyone else already said, everything was top notch and very tasty.  Cappuccino was excellent.
Great small little cafe. Up for a weekend trip and staying in a hotel near the Basillica of Notre Dame and needed a quick breakfast. Stopped in and had an excellent breakfast sandwich. Coffee and teas were excellent too. Conveniently located, very friendly and helpful staff for us American speaking touristsWould recommend
Here for breakfast with my brother.  I had the english muffin with bacon egg and cheddar.  I believe he had the same.  I had a medium latte and he enjoyed a cappuccino. Overall, excellent.  The nice touches include the staff who are especially helpful and attentive.  We liked free wifi.  The atmosphere is casual, really casual.  Seating is a bit limited.  Bottom line:  Will definitely be back for an easy breezy breakfast!
Simple food. Nice service. I had croissant sandwich, orange juice and an americano with ice for breakfast. I went there twice. They don't have ice coffee. In the same region I prefer Differance Cafe.
Great place with good food and welcome staff. We had the TMC croissant and a fruit cookie with coffees. All were really good. The house mayonnaise is very tasty. Highly recommended.
We had one of the best latte's -out of hundreds of places high end or not- was made here today.  Staff was friendly and cordial, and the food was outstanding.We're talking about going back tomorrow in leiu of anywhere else in Montreal.  It's a little bit away from the main tourist path, but worth the extra block walk.
Super cute place with very friendly service! If you need a quick breakfast sandwich, this cafe won't disappoint.
Stayed at the the Westin and we were looking for a place close by... Read the reviews and said lets do the walk... First... Excellent service... Very accommodating to us US trackers... Food was awesome... We got the English muffin with egg and bacon and an excellent chocolate croissant ...we also asked for a glass with lemon for our soda.... Not a problem and was more than helpful to do.... Well deserved the review!!!!
Popped in for brekkie after looking these guys up on Yelp. Signature breakfast highly recommended - croissant, Swiss cheese, tomato, boiled egg and lettuce - yum!!!
Exceptionally friendly and efficient serviceClean and comfortable environment Delicious croissant TMC sandwich with ham Would definitely go there again!
It's a cute place and the staff are friendly. But I probably will not go back unless everything else is closed in the neighbourhood. Nothing too too special. Coffee and food were OKAY. Again, if you are in the neighbourhood, it's not a bad place to grab a quick bite. But I won't travel a long distance to try the food here.
My wife and I stopped by for breakfast and it was delicious! Both of us had egg Benedict - it came with bacon and fresh fruits.
This unassuming spot was fantastic! We rec the TMC and eggs Benedict. Great coffee. Nice people. Hope to return.
We had a delicious Breakfast here. We originally wanted to try their egg Benny , however, they do not serve it on the weekdays. We had the croissant tmc instead. It turned out great! We really enjoyed it. Love their latte and Moka too
The food is good if you get what you order.  The place is a confusing mess when it's at all busy.  You order food at the register but don't pay until you are done for some reason.  I lost count of the people who were baffled by this.  Then you have people milling around trying to pay or order.  No one who has already eaten wants to wait in the line to order. Then they can't seem to get orders right.  There is a difference between bacon and ham.  They even have both options on the menu.  Yet our order and a few customers around me had bacon arrive instead of the ham they ordered.  The place is just not worth the aggravation in the morning.
Good decent breakfast but it gets very busy here only 2 person working in this place. If you are looking for decent sit down place to chill with friends this is not the place.
Very friendly place--made us tourists feel very welcome. Tasty food and excellent selection of fine teas.
Cafe is adorable! I wish they had a menu we could look at though rather than a small chalkboard the server reads out loud. I ordered eggs Benedict with bacon. The eggs were delicious but the side fruit salad was not fresh and smeared with sweet syrup. I also ordered a chai latte to go and it tasted like cinnamon foamed milk.
Stop by when I was in the area..... I mean I'm a breakfast dinner fan so whenever I travel I have to try local breakfast spot. The taste was good but I think it is a bit pricy for what I got. It is worth to check out the spot but it won't be me regular for breakfast spot. I Don't Mind Stop By for some coffee tho :)
Great for a light breakfast. Best latte in Montreal so far for me and best cup of tea for my wife. Hot and loose tea in a filter.
I was in Montreal for work for few days.  During this trip I was so sick that I couldn't eat.  The only thing I could eat was their grilled cheese sandwich and wash it down with the best late.  They make even a simple sandwich look pretty on a plate.I am looking forward to coming back with my husband on my next trip.  Few of my local friends make The Mon Café one of their regular spots and I totally get why.  The food is incredible and the service is amazing!  Even if you don't speak French, they speak English and are super nice!
We popped in for a quick breakfast on the way to shop and sightsee.  This personable little place will make you made to order Eggs Benedict or scrambled eggs but apparently, they are famous for croissants.  If you are gluten free (as I am) peep in the glass front case for some cut fruit and yogurt.  My cappuccino was perfect!  Seriously, perfect. The café is not visible from the street and is up the stairs in a corner of a large building that also houses a hotel. If you are walking in Old Montreal, it's worth a stop.
This was our first stop during our two day trip to Montreal.  I wanted their much loved TMC croissant but we got there at 11:30, half an hour after the cut-off time. Bummer. My wife asked them what was in the croissant and the guy behind the counter said they put stuff inside the croissant and then magic happens. Dammit I wanted to see a magic show.So we were wondering if we should eat there or go somewhere else but judging from the growing lunch crowd and the smell coming out of the back, we decided to trust our senses and stay. Le wife was unsure about eating pre-made sandwiches but she was soon singing a different song.Her roast beef sandwich came with tender, flavorful, medium rare roast beef. My porchetta sandwich was no different. The pochetta didn't have annoying, hard chunky pieces of pork like I've sometimes come across. Instead, it was almost like a cubano and even had sliced pickles. There was arugula and swiss cheese on both sandwiches, all held together by excellent bread that, if not made in house, would be shocking, They both tasted like they were made fresh. I suppose that was the advantage of going at 11:30.They also had free wifi. After we finished, we were standing right outside, yelping and planning our next move.  The friendly owner/chef saw us, came over and started talking to us. He gave us some good pointers on where else to go besides the regular places that most people go to. Great guy.Next time I'm in Montreal, I'll be sure to come here before 11.
We loved this place! Our concierge recommended this place and it was perfect! We both had delicious espresso, I had a flaky croissant with fresh fruit and my husband had the bacon eggs benedict. The staff was super friendly food was great. Reminded us of being back in Paris.
While staying at the W Hotel during a recent Montréal trip I needed to find a spot to hole up and knock out a few hours of work, preferably somewhere not so busy on a weekday, serving food all day with some potent caffeinated beverages. Alors là! The perfect breakfast/lunch work space. Friendly café staff, delicious and healthy breakfast and lunch options. I went with a panino and salad combo, delish! Plenty of cappuccinos kept me typing away for hours. The free WiFi is also incredibly consistent and reliable. Pull up a chair by the window and you can gaze out at street traffic in old MTL. Thank you Thé Mon and Yelp for leading me here!
I had the BEST (ever!!) Eggs Benedict here today! Wow, so  fresh and the hollandaise sauce was absolute perfection! It is a really tiny place (with one person working the front and another cooking in the back but for the lovely meal I had, I would totally go back and wait if I needed to!!
This is a nice little cafe with great service. Has a homie feel. Deff recommend if you are in the city... The people won't let you down...
What a great little gem!  Don't be fooled when you walk in--it's very small and European.  The barista was extremely nice and informative about their specialty breakfast sandwich (TMC).  The sandwich was delicious and the coffee was great.  Quick service.  Would definitely return on my next trip to Montreal.
Yay! We're from NYC & we couldn't find any great coffee places & we found it! Trust me,it is worth the travel over to Old Port Montreal. I had a honey chai latte & my friend had a honey soy latte. Perfection. If you're hungry, get the Panatoast. French toast,bacon,& cheddar cheese,topped with maple syrup! Devine! Go,now!
Loved this place! The food and service was amazing. Loved the gentleman who served us he was so kind and polite and genuine. We had the eggs Benedict with bacon, a French toast and cappuccino and chai latte. The eggs Benedict with bacon was delicious. The French toast wasn't anything special just looked good. Maybe because I'm not a fan of raisin and it had raisin bits in the French toast. It was also too fluffy to my liking. The chai latte was also amazing they use fresh chai. I would definitely return next time I visit Montreal.
If I could give a 0 I would. The person in charge was extremely rude bordering on scary. He was so nasty to the couple waiting ahead of us that when he barked at me for trying to read the blackboard menu we decided to just leave. Best decision ever!! Don't bother with this place. Instead go to L'oeufrier! Omggg so yummy, waitress servi e at the same prices and excellent friendly service. Why go somewhere where you are treated as if the staff are doing you a favor by letting you eat there?!
We had a quick and delicious breakfast here on a recent trip to Montreal. We both got the bacon egg and cheese with lettuce and tomato, which was a nice, filling but healthy start to the day. It came with fruit salad that tasted very fresh. The latte I got was also quite good.Unfortunately we were only able to come here once during our trip, but it was a nice starting off point for a day in Old Montreal.
Very polite staff, delicious breakfast and adorable atmosphere. We ordered a breakfast sandwich and eggs Benedict. The eggs Benedict were exceptional and the sandwich equally as tasty.
This Cafe was a brilliant find on the outskirts of old Montreal!  As soon as we walked in we were greeted by the nicest man explaining the menu to us.  My wife and I had the croissant sandwich and French toast with fresh fruit, both were exceptional!We also enjoyed large bowls of cafe au lait, again very tasty!  I will definitely return to this quaint little cafe the next time I visit Montreal.
A quaint little spot around the corner from the Westin. The proprietor was amazingly nice and the cafe latte perfect. My husband had the latte as well but with an extra shot which he said was spot on. The owner gave my husband some tips on making the perfect latte. We had breakfast sandwiches on croissants which were delish.
We visited on Sunday morning. The welcome is pleasant and low key.The menu was explained to us well - it is quite limiting so we shared some fruit and had a Muffin and a croissant. Along with coffees...The fruit was tasty, the Muffin a little too salty and the croissant with its ham, egg, cheese and tomato fillings average. The macchiato was good and the cappuccino too big...the coffee flavour so diluted.Ok - yes but a little underwhelming.
A little small but cozy. We had an americano and espresso which were top notch. We didn't eat but the food coming out looked good. Bathrooms are shared with the building, and you need to get the key. Would go back and would recommend to anyone.
The Eggs Benedict was delicious!I did not see a lot of cute breakfast places in downtown montreal.   This place has character and great food.  We had this chocolate croissant that was fantastic.  The place is a little bit if a wall from where we stayed downtown, but definitely worth it.
Review from January 2013:We found this place on Yelp and were not disappointed. The cafe is cozy and quaint! I love the decor - simple and sweet. The menu isn't very extensive, but you can rest assured that whatever you order will be delicious. We had a party of 8 and the staff was very helpful in offering suggestions and describing the dishes. The fruit salad is fresh tasting and delicious, but the almond croissants stole the show. LOADED with almonds on the inside and out and held together with soft flaky pastry. Heaven in a crescent.Best croissant of my life. I've been trying to find a rival ever since ... no luck.
What a tasty little cafe. The wife and I grabbed a quick breakfast here. It is very small inside, but the croissant sandwiches were delicious, and the fruit was very fresh...which was a pleasant surprise given that it was November. The coffee was perfectly crafted and was the perfect start to a morning exploring Montreal. Absolutely give this place a try if you find yourself in Old Montreal.
Just eat here. Never in my life have I met a croissant like the one I eat here. The hit cocoa and brownies are fresh and delightful, especially on a Rainey morning. This cafe made me very happy.
After consulting the all-knowing and all-powerful Yelp app, we decided to crush our hangover here. Mission accomplished!First, the cafe au lait... So rich, so bold.  It was perfection in a huge cup. The winning moment, however, was when I took the first bite of my French Toast. It had bacon and white cheddar cheese. YES, white cheddar cheese!  I followed my server's advice and dumped all of the real maple syrup on top. After that first bite I was screaming like a giddy schoolgirl on the inside, but somehow remained stoic on the outside. I'm a pro like that.  This place is small and unassuming, but the food is the real deal and that's why I would not hesitate to return.
Double cappuccino - good! TMC croissant with bacon. Amazing! Flakey and delicious. The fruit saled with the mint is awesome. Amazing how the mint adds to the salad. Not overpowering.Ham eggs Bennie. Classic eggs Bennie. Perfect in its own right. Nothing extravagant, but what you'd expect (and yummy)
This is a great breakfast place. My friend had a delicious eggs Benedict, and I had a great croissant sandwich. I highly recommend it. The tea and coffee is really good too.
Sadly missed breakfast by 10mins or so (I was so looking forward to trying Le Croissant TMC thats been getting such rave reviews) Instead ordered the grilled cheese sandwich served with house-made (mom-made) apple gelee - PHENOMENAL! Hands down the BEST grilled cheese Ive ever had. In addition to the good coffee & great service, I look forward to returning here on my next visit :)so, So, SO GOOD!
We arrived at 11 and missed "breakfast." The only thing available were pre-made (but homemade) sandwiches that were pretty average. Very small location with a regular sized flat top stove. I was actually impressed they were able to run the entire menu from one small 4 burner stove (since the breakfasts appear to be quite involved). We chose our sandwich from the display case and it was pressed for us. Beef and some sort of horseradish sauce with some added greens. Simple. Did the trick to cure the hunger but nothing to write home about.
This staff at this cafe is so incredibly nice. We walked in and ordered several delicious croissants (chocolate hazelnut, almond and plain) and an egg muffin sandwich. When we got our order, one of the cashiers who may have been the manager/owner, not sure...came up to us and asked us abput our trip and if we needed any help with suggestions. He helped us figure out our day plans! We love this place! Wish they were open on Sunday. :)
I read a lot of good reviews so decided to go. It was a an average experience. Eggs Benedicts only on weekends. The croissant was too soft. I think it's overrated
Loved the croissant sandwich. However, the coffee is just okay.
4 of 4 stars (excellent, casual fare).(see explanation of ratings below)Great place for breakfast or lunch.  Talented baristas and excellent baked goods.Get the TMC: sliced hard-boiled egg with your choice of bacon or ham, your choice of cheese, lettuce and tomato on a lovely croissant.About $10-15 per person.About my ratings:Only high-priced dining establishments can garner five stars.  Until yelp realizes that a fast food joint cannot possibly be ranked equally with a $100 per person place, I need to draw the line somewhere.  If we were only talking about the quality and presentation of the food, it would be a different story.  But, as we know, yelp's rankings take into account the entire dining experience.Therefore, I divide restaurants into three categories (and I wish yelp would do the same):1) fast food and "fast-casual", low-priced (no table service).2) casual, mid-priced dining (table service, average entrée price: $10-$20).3) fine, high-priced dining (linen napkins, no plastic cups, no TV's in dining room, average entrée priced at more than $20, can vary depending on the city).High-priced dining can earn a max of five stars.  Mid-priced dining can earn a max of four stars.  Fast food can earn a max of three stars.
Almond croissant was excellent.   French toast a little too runny.  Coffee was bitter.  Person taking order was a bit stuffy and did not make the place really that inviting.  A little too French...not Montreal.
Great little cafe on the skirts of the old port. Friendly bilingual staff gets a 5/5- food and coffee is just perfect!
LOVED their latte bowls.  Food is  good to amazing.  Very chatty staff--which works well when it's not too busy.  Enjoyed it enough to come back twice in a weekend.
TMC Croissant with ham was delicious.  The croissant was a bit dry, but still very good.  Coffee was delicious and service was great.  We'll be back!
Attention Yelpers! My advice is simple: Go here. Staying nearby and desperately craving some early morning grub, this place has satiated my needs and then some a couple days running now. The bagels are fresh, yummy and oh-so-sesame. The breakfast sandwiches are delicious. But what will convince you to come back morning after morning are their creative and yummy croissants. Try the hazelnut chocolate and enjoy a few moments of scrumptious gluttony with your coffee.I also have to add that the service behind the counter is superb. The chef himself also came out behind the counter both mornings to check how things were! Love it!
The TMC croissant with ham and cheese was fantastic.  The coffee mocha was one of the best I've ever had and the lattes were outstanding.  They did not have a booster chair but were very accommodating to our 15 month old grandson.
It's true. The TMC Croissant. Get it!!  Amazing texture and burst of flavors. One of my favorite meals in Canada, coming from a NYC tourist :)
This was the worst experience ever.  soggy french toast.  I asked for a smoothie... then I watched from the table as he made an ice cream shake... which is not a smoothie.  A smoothie has fruit, he replaced the fruit with mango ice cream.  People are not stupid and we know when we are being lied to and it is obvious when a low class restaurant owner tries to pull the wool over our eyes and charge top dollar for it.   No salt and pepper on the tables.  bare bones for high dollar.  Very upset.  Took forever to get a coffee too... Can't believe there are any good reviews here.  It was obvious the owner/manager/whatever was trying to make everyone feel good by working his personality, but service sucked horribly.
This cafe is really conveniently located near a lot of hotels, so a good option for tourists looking for a quick breakfast. We came here hoping to get the dejeuner sur bagel (breakfast sandwich on a bagel) but unfortunately, they were finished serving breakfast by between 11 and 11:30am. I remain pretty unclear on when they stop serving breakfast. Instead, we got two bagels toasted with cream cheese, with sides of fruit salad (as suggested by the server). The bagels were pretty decent, but one was quite burnt, which was a bummer. The fruit salad was good, though. We also got one coffee and one cappuccino. I didn't try the coffee, but my boyfriend seemed to like it fine. The cappuccino was excellent.It didn't look like they had a great variety of enticing pastries or other offerings. The counter display was mostly filled with panini options.Service was friendly and the atmosphere was nice.
Good coffee.  Came a little late (11am) and most of the good pastries were gone.  Heavy volume traffic on a Sunday-- expect a wait for food and coffee.  Cute shop with friendly workers.
Our family was staying in a nearby hotel for the weekend, and we found the Cafe Mon on Yelp. The good reviews were spot on. Being early-rising Americans we arrived shortly after they opened at 9 on a Saturday, and basically had the place to ourselves. My kids ordered chocolate-filled croissants, my wife had the French toast, and I had the TMC croissant, which is a breakfast sandwich with sliced hard-boiled egg. All were excellent, and not a scrap was left at the end (after the wife and I finished what the kids couldn't).We also had large lattes that literally come in a bowl-sized coffee cup. They were also excellent, apparently owing in part to the ability to heat the milk and foam to a lower temperature than is required in the FDA-governed United States. Also, as you can see from the picture, our barista was an artist. Which brings me to my final compliment: as we were obviously tourists, and business was still quiet, our barista spent a lot of time visiting with us and offering local knowledge about Montreal. He managed to turn an already sublime breakfast into an extended great day. All in all, highly recommended. Care to guess where we'll be for breakfast again tomorrow?
Amazing! The best word to describe the experience, food/cappuccinos and staff. We were in town for the weekend from Toronto and looking for a quick breakfast before heading back home. The staff was incredibly welcoming and helpful with selecting options to eat. We would recommend their signature croissant sandwich with homemade ingredients and a side of fresh fruit salad. We paired it with easily THE BEST CAPPUCCINO we've ever had. Perfect creama consistency and the foam was thick and flavorful. No sugar needed! Highly, highly recommend checking this place out for a quick bite. You won't be disappointed. PS- we even grabbed another Cappuccino on the way out to the airport. Who needs Starbucks??
My wife and I both had the TMC croissants and we both enjoyed them thoroughly. A nice gourmet touch to a late breakfast. The service is friendly but just know you'll have to order off the menu at the counter and pay there as well.
Found this place on yelp while on a weekend trip. Outstanding service and amazing cofffee. The food was simple and tasty. Fantastic breakfast spot
A great place to relax and grab some simple comfort food.  Exceptionally attentive and friendly staff.  Roast beef panini was amazing.
Awesome spot -- my friends and I happened upon this place on Saturday morning -- with no advance notice, they were able to accommodate a group of 12 people. Everything was really tasty as well. I had the bacon benedict -- very highly recommended.
Some of the best coffee in the area, and the soup I'm eating right now is AMAZING. Very quiet little place. I don't want to post this review because I feel like this place is a secret... But they deserve the business.
My wife and I found this gem of a place in Old Montreal. It was so pleasant to eat at that we went back the next day before we had to head home to Calgary.The owners and their staff were super friendly and we enjoyed having conversation with them while we ate. Make sure you swing by this place for one of their panini sandwiches.
Get an espresso drink, the brewed coffee (café filtre) is mediocre and a little stale tasting.
Decent place to have breakfast and lunch in the area. Food is tasty and coffee well poured. Service is friendly.
Wonderful! I had the breakfast croissant which was simple yet perfectly seasoned. My wife's French toast pannetone was great though a little rich. Fresh fruit salad w mint was divine. The server / barista was great. Favorite breakfast place in Montreal.
We were pretty disappointed in this place after reading such rave reviews. The food and coffee were fine -- nothing special, but not bad. Maybe this is only a problem on Sunday mornings, but the service was unbelievably slow. Don't go here if you are at all in a hurry or just want to grab a quick pastry and coffee.
Friendly staff in a rather cold and echoey room. Mostly occupied by tourists and their naturally boisterous children. Made the mistake of ordering a latte and toatst&cheese notwithstanding the enthusiastic up-sell for Eggs Benedict and similar items. Received store bought spongy sliced bread and cheese and a surprisingly weak latte. I came here because of the excellent reviews but will not return.
Extremely great food and drinks. Lost a star due to being A bit pricey and so much if their menu was unavailable because they were out of ingredients. Recommend the TMC croissant and the Eggs Benedict with ham. BLT Bagel was good. Another from our party had poached eggs and toast and the eggs were done perfectly. The coffee drinks were flawless. Cappuccino was the best we have had in Montreal. If you have time check this place out. Go early so you don't have to deal with the out of stock issues on ingredients (we went at 1:00pm).
Most of the cafes and restaurants in the area are overpriced and under-deliver, but this one is an exception! Great sandwiches with a wide variety to choose from, with descent prices considering it's in Old Montreal. Highly recommended if you're in the area!
Amazing egg Benedict but loses points on cleanliness and service.  Our order was wrong.  The fruit salad was moldy and there are plenty of flies all around.  Leaving ASAP.
Enjoyed the best latte' I've ever had with a delicious chicken panini. Highly recommend
My husband and I took our 5 and 3 year old today. They could not have been nicer and we're great at explaining the menu. I had the egg and cheese sandwich on a bagel and my husband had the TMC sandwich. It was beyond tasty and filled us up without being heavy. Our kids had the muffins which were amazing. The lattes were exquisite. An all around wonderful experience for our first breakfast in Montreal.
Really nice discovery in old Montreal. Fresh, great value and very friendly. We had wonderful chicken avocado paninis. Iced coffee was top notch.
We were staying at the Westin around the corner and found this great breakfast spot right nearby. My 3 friends and I all ordered the TMC croissant with different combinations of cheese and meat, and all found it spectacular. If I were being very picky, I'd say the hard-boiled egg was slightly overcooked, but honestly it tasted great. We went in during a relatively quiet time and had a wonderful conversation with one of the employees about their drinks and food (apparently the TMC croissant is made with local cheese and a croissant made by a small bakery nearby). We also got to chat with the owner for a bit. Everybody was extremely friendly and service was pretty fast.They don't open until 9 on the weekends. Being an early-morning person myself, we went there at 8 one day in order to get an early start, only to discover that they were still closed. We came back the next day after a later night out and were very happy we did.
stopped in with friends for a latte on a cold day.  Great service, friendly people and perfect coffee... what else is there to say?
This is an excellent spot if you are looking for a quick breakfast that is simple yet delicious.  We ate there twice and each time the staff was pleasant and eager to please.  The prices are very reasonable and the ingredients are fresh.  Chapeau!
For my first breakfast in Montreal I searched Yelp for a location not too far from my hotel. Based on the stellar reviews I headed over to this cafe. The wait to order was about 15 minutes but being on vacation and not in a rush the wait didn't bother me. So when I was finally able to order I ordered 2 cafe au laits, a bagel with cream cheese and a bagel with egg, cheese and bacon. The bagel with cream cheese came out just fine, however the bagel for the bagel, egg, cheese and bacon was burnt. Literally, black. So I asked for another and that one was also burnt but more dark brown with a few areas of black. As I don't like to complain, I ate it, picking off the black burnt parts of the bagel. The egg, cheese and bacon were all excellent but I'm confused as to why my bagel was burnt, twice. My bill was $16 for 2 coffees and bagel sandwiches. Yelp let me down with this place. The cafes were just ok.
We loved our breakfast here. So fresh and flavorful! Coffee was excellent and that's coming from a NY coffee snob.
The TMC croissant is delicious and the moka is perfectly prepared. This place is a must stop for a quick bite!
Absolutely the best cappuccino in Montreal. If you are in Old Montreal, take the time to stop by this great cafe. Their Eggs Benedict are also amazingly perfect.
The Mon Cafe is a great place to start your day! We popped in for breakfast and had delicious croissant sandwiches and a fruit salad. Who knew croissant sandwiches could be so good?? My husband claims it's the best croissant sandwich he's ever tasted. Normally, he's an idiot, but I think he's right about this one.
The breakfast bagel was very good. As was the americano. Great place to go for a quick breakfast and a coffee!
Ordered the TMC breakfast sandwich and was pleasantly surprised. At first I was a little turned off with the egg being a sliced hard boiled egg but it was amazing. The mayo was homemade. The staff working that day was very friendly and funny. When the cook brought our food over he stayed and talked to us for a while. Great coffee! Will come back if I'm ever in Montreal again.
The cafe is great. The food was good, coffee was great, and the staff there was extremely friendly. One staff member spent 10 minutes with us going over the montreal map and giving his suggestions on where we should spend the day (we were tourists).
Great coffee, good croissant, but horrible service. Skip this place and head down to Le Cartet which is ten times better and  amazing service.
Came here for breakfast while staying nearby at the Westin Montreal during a four day trip. When we walked in, the waiter greeted us and exclaimed that they had the best coffee. I didn't know if that was a good sign but he was right, the coffee is amazing. The food is just as good. I had a croissant with hard boiled egg. It comes with ham but I asked for it without the ham. The waiter offered me a fruit salad instead which I accepted. Later, after paying the bill and leaving, I realized they had charged me for the fruit salad. I thought that was unfair as he had offered it as a substitution but then made me pay for it. However, the fruit salad was really good so not a huge deal. More about the principal of the matter.My hubby had the french toast with pannetone bread. I had a bite and wanted to order one myself! It was delicious! He also love the coffee.The waiter was very friendly and we enjoyed our breakfast and would recommend without hesitation.
A friendly place for a quick and delicious breakfast. After having ventured through the busy mess that was olive et gourmondo the prior morning, I was very happy to find this spot. Sadly, it was our last day! Next time I am back in Montreal, we will go back. Try the cm croissant sandwich!!
We ate breakfast here twice during our stay in Montréal. The food is fresh and made with loving care. And as a bonus, the proprietors only buy from local growers, so you know you are eating local, and supporting local. The coffee is to die for. We strongly recommend this little eatery to anyone looking for a charming place to sit and have a bite to eat, or just have an excellent coffee and a bit of good conversation with the owners. We will definitely return.
Amaaaazing! Cute little family owned Cafe...and the hosts and food and patrons everyone's super amazing! Try the Mexican omelette!
Loved the atmosphere and energy of this place. We just went out and picked this place because it was close by the condo that we rented. They have a combo where you can get a breakfast smoothie and a breakfast sandwich for 10 bucks. I got a mango, banana smoothie and a veggie breakfast sandwich. The menu is in French, and the waitresses speak on French, Portuguese, and English so that is convenient.
Jason L and I had our last breakfast in Montreal here. We arrived, rather despondent about the prospect of the long way home. We left, properly caffeinated, with full bellies, and perhaps a little bit cheerier. Things of note:1. The breakfast list is limited: They have a full Portuguese breakfast (eggs, chorizo, bread), a delicious chicken/avocado sandwich, pastries and the like. 2. I highly recommend the chicken, cheese, and avocado sandwich. The chicken is thinly sliced and spicy- and pairs well with the homemade hot sauce they provide. Despite it's small size, it is also very filling.3. They do not have "drip" coffee, only espresso drinks. If you ask for a "regular coffee" (meaning drip) the server will become annoyed and/or confused. Several groups of American tourists, ours included, were greeted with death stares for questioning the greatness that is an Americano. 4. They are cash only. They do not have an ATM on sight. The closest ATM is two blocks away in an often closed convenience store- so come prepared!5. Seating is a bit tight - especially when it is busy. The cafe probably only holds 20 people tops. 6. The food and cafe drinks are reasonably priced - think $1.50 Canadian for an Americano. 7. I should note- that I server spoke English- which was helpful considering my abysmal French. A word to a wise however-   attempting to speak French - will at least endear you a bit more to folks. Aggressively speaking English at the beginning of a conversation is rude.Cafe Jose is a perfect place to go when you finally get sick of all the French/Quebecois food you've gorged yourself on all week.
Chez Jose is a quaint little shop with a charming menu. The service is quick and filled with smiles. I tried the cafe au lait which was absolutely wonderful and paired perfectly with a fresh apple turnover (YUM). Would recommend for just a yummy pastry to go or a sweet catch up with a friend. Definitely going back.
I am just so happy that this place exists. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is wonderful, the prices are great. The seafood soup is my favourite thing on the menu. For just $6, you get a big hot bowl of happiness with a healthy serving of mussels and a lovely piece of bread on the side. The seafood soup is only offered Friday through Sunday I believe.So what if you go on another day of the week, and there's no soup? Or you want something to go along with the soup? (I ordered crepes + soup once, that was waaaaaay too much food. The soup serving is quite generous). You can go sweet or savoury, or since things are pretty cheap, do both. I'm a big fan of the crepes (about $8) - one order gets you two! Chez Jose is pretty well known for its churrasco sandwich (chicken and avocado), which I think is good and delicious but not amazing. They also have a lot of different smoothies. I would highly recommend having brunch, lunch, or an early dinner at Chez Jose. It's not a huge place, so I don't think you want to go in a group bigger than 4. Go alone  or go with a friend, you won't regret it. The restaurant/cafe is also beautiful - nice windows, hippie-ish but unpretentious casual vibe.(Note, bring cash, though there's an ATM nearby)
This is one of my favourite places in Montreal! His sandwiches are amazing .. All the soups are  great And everything is homemade! The homemade pastries are delicious ! Raspberry & Almond   The omelet & sandwiches are a must try!!! Recommend this place 100% Not very fancy place but the food is completely worth it !!
very nice food. ten bucks to hv seafood soup and sandwich. Yummy and happy. A nice place to hv dinner by myself.
I've been eating here for years and the prices have been creeping up (from insanely reasonable) but it is still a great deal. And the food is always awesome. I can't speak for the whole menu as I tend to hone in on the churrasco chicken sandwich, the soups, and the occasional savory crepe. The fruit drinks - which I never drink normally anywhere else - are really tasty, not sweet but fruity. They are the best at being what they are.
Will never get enough of this place. I live close by and go often, which is how Chez Jose is meant to be enjoyed - it's very neighbourhoody, kinda like going to a relative's for dinner, complete with Milo the puppy! I bring all my out of town visitors here, sometimes more than once. The food is always delicious, and the prices cannot be beat. Love the chorizo omelette, churassco sandwich, ham and cheese, their soups, the smoothies, and their coffee, and the fruit crepes...I know the menu by heart and I still struggle with what to get every time because it is just that good. The housemade hot sauce is so smoky and tasty we use about half a bottle every time we go in. Don't miss out.As expected for a busy small place with a small kitchen, service can be a bit slow and disorganized at times, especially if you go in a group. While this might frustrate some people, for me it kind of adds to the casual and intimate vibe - but I felt I should be honest for the sake of a review. They recognize this though and are very up front about it and always do their best to accommodate us. If you have the time (and patience, don't be a dick), I would highly highly recommend Chez Jose.
I highly recommend the vegetable (legumes) crepe with feta.  Ambience is fun. Servers are super friendly. Food is great!
Amazing! The owner cooks and his wife serves. The best breakfast I've had in Montreal!! The setting couldn't be more perfect. Very glad we stumbled upon this magnificent restaurant.
Everything from the ambience to the plates are super colorful and chockfull of goodness. I was years ago & have no idea why I haven't been back sooner. It's fab! I'll be back!
Nice vibe, good food, good service.
ChezJose is so delicious! I'm visiting Montreal for the first time. I was walking the area in hopes of finding the perfect breakfast, and found it. Such a great vibe and handmade everything, pastries, juices, crepes and so much more.
The owner of nearby D Liche (awesome cupcakes) enthusiastically recommended I check out Chez José's chorizo sandwich, and as the creator of some of the finest cup-based desserts I've ever tasted, that's a recommendation you listen to!Turns out that was a good decision. The chorizo sandwich is amazing. At first, you think it's just a pretty good sandwich. But as you eat, the flavor evolves and the interplay of ingredients starts channeling Remy from Ratatouille. The cheese is nestled between two slices of tasty chorizo. There are fresh pickles which add a pleasant crisp to every bite. The bread is squishy but just so. It's almost sandwich sorcery.For good measure, I also had a Mexican empanada, which was excellent. It was only $3 and damn near filled the plate. Coupled with their hot sauce - which is actually HOT - it made for a nice second offering.I'll be back for more chorizo and to try out their smoothies next time.
Best crepes I've ever had! We were visiting Montreal and stumbled across this place and the food was absolutely amazing and beautifully presented!
Although it has probably been a year since I've been to Chez Jose, it is still one of my favorite sandwich places in Montreal. On a hung over Sunday the Churrasco is a life-saver, filled with chicken, avocado and a horseradish spread on a portuguese bun. Another must-have is the seafood soup, which is spectacularly constructed, filled with all the goodies from the big blue. I seriously recommend this place. Cash only!
We first visited this place on a weekend trip to Montréal last October. It was a fantastic "last meal". We had our breakfast goodbye to the city at Chez José and thoroughly enjoyed it. The omelets are recommended as per this experience.This time around, I came with my girlfriend, and not schoolmates. We've been in Montréal for about two weeks on spring break and have visited Chez José twice (my previous stay in the Plateau informed me that it's the place to be for a vacation). We had sandwiches both times and coffee as well as the smoothies. Everything at this place is tasty and well-priced. It seems to be a staple for the locals. I can't recommend any other café in the area higher, and we've tried a few. A true Duluth neighborhood comfort spot.
Nice little bar located in the portuguese/spanish restaurant.You can order sandwiches and drinks and go enjoy the  view of the parc du Mont Royal.Petit bar cosy dans le quartier hispano / portuguais.Vous pouvez commander des sandwichs et boissons et aller profiter de la vue du parc Mont Royal.
This is a cute and hip spot for breakfast and coffee. This is one of the fav places in Montreal for their sandwiches. As you know traveling to Montreal or anywhere in Canada can be incredibly expensive. Luckily, for travelers, Chez Jose continues to open their doors for tasty meals at an cheap fare. The menu is only in French so make sure to let the waitress/waiter know if there's any confusion. I had their Mexican omelette sandwich with cheddar cheese and chicken. It was so yummy that I wish we were there right now. Hub had the chicken with avocado and cheese but it was not as flavorful as mine. We also had their coffees which was just ok. Go with their sandwiches, any combo, smoothies, and pastries. When in doubt, do what most French Canadians order- chocolate croissant and a coffee/cappuccino to go. The spot is located in the Portuguese and latin quarters of the neighborhood. A lot of homeless and crazies in the street so be careful of your belongings and bags!
I love this place. The owners were sooooo welcoming and friendly! They really took great care of us. It was our first time there. The food was very very yummy! Get the chicken sandwich and soup combo! It's great! Also, the croissants there are very very good. Will definitely come back when we are in Montreal next time.
A great place for a quick lunch or a good brunch. You can stop by as well for a coffee and a superb Palmier or an apple turnover. Home made flaky and buttery pastry !For lunch you can't go wrong with the soup of the day and if they have the fish soup, go for it !! A hearty soup with chunks of fish, mussels, rice and a great flavor !After take a nice omelet to share with their their grilled buns.And all is very reasonably priced.
I like the vibe here but honestly I wouldn't go back.Got a 9 dollar omelette with runny bits (ew) and an overdressed cheapo salad.  Made me feel a bit queasy for the rest of the day.I don't know. Cash only (annoying). Nice staff, good vibe.  You want to like it.
One of my favorites places in Montréal!Sundays brunch there, winter or summer: can bring me again to life!Thank you guys!!Always full, but wait is nothing there :)*Omelette and juice with xtrange names!!! blasty... something... are so goood!
Been here twice for crepes with friends. It's a casual cafe - the decor is kind of funky & colourful. It gets pretty busy on weekends. Pick what you want inside your crepe, one of three cheese, and then the fixings: Mexican, ham, chorizo, spinach, mushrooms, tuna, etc. The crepes come with a salad. Pretty yummy. The latte I ordered was average. The juices looked really good, maybe a tad pricey. They had a big cabinet full of pastries too. It's cash only.
Cool little cafe in the plateau. The chicken and avocado sandwich is delicious. Good espresso here. Only downside (or upside) is that this place is very small so don't be surprised if you can't get seating.
went for brunch a few times on a weekday. it reminds me of great hippy-type places on the west cost. friendly staff, good fresh food.
Meal: BreakfastRationale: Brunch was out of the question (I think because the place we intended to go was closed, plus it was Friday, so not many places were serving brunch to begin with), so we got breakfast at Chez José, which was a reasonable distance away from the first place.Food: They didn't have decaf, so I drank water instead. (And I haz'd a sad.) I wasn't too into their eggs, so I got a végépâté sandwich, having seen it on every lunch menu in Montreal, just to see what the deal was. Végépâté is a bit overwhelming if spread too thickly. When I ate meat I ate liverwurst sandwiches, so I'm not averse to the texture or the flavour, but I think this sandwich was a bit too heavy on the végépâté and light on the vegetables. That said: acceptable. I couldn't finish it, though, because I'd already filled up on my other breakfast item: the enormous, but very cheap, cheddar and vegetable empanada. I could have eaten on that beast exclusively. I'm a sucker for foods with fillings (doughnuts, dumplings, pierogies, etc.) and this empanada was bursting with flavourful filling. Nom.Service/atmosphere: Chez José is funky. Some may find it offputting, but I found the sticker of female genitalia on the microwave behind the counter endearing. Or, at the very least, amusing. Reminded me a bit of the East Village or Alphabet City in New York. Our waitress was nice enough. I asked for a water refill and she kindly showed me that we were seated next to a sink where we could get our own refills. Conclusion: A bit rough around the edges and idiosyncratic, but all slight faults were redeemed by the empanada. I can has more empanada?
I definitely like the Chez Jose chicken sandwich with avocado, hot sauce and a cup of coffee as an option in the area. This is a quick, tasty, cheap lunch on pretty Duluth that's not a chain, uses fresh ingredients, and has always in my experience offered friendly, if lowkey, service.
Smoothies are great, food is good. Very cheap sandwiches. Cozy aesthetic. I should like this place a lot more, and yet... I somehow always leave feeling slightly annoyed. Too many over-the-top hipsters and tourists, maybe? I can't put my finger on it. At the end of the day, however, I'm kind of indifferent about Chez José.
Great sized portioned omelette and decent smoothy. The menu is only en Francais - tourists be warned, but staff is helpful in both languages. As one reviewer chose Chez Jose over Swartz's - I'd choose Swartz if it had to be a choice. Great value all and all.
Love this breakfast spot! Super funky interior decor with real fruit smoothies (no blends of yogurt, milk, ice...or any other thing that has no rightful place in a FRUIT smoothie) I bought baked goods last time I was in Montreal from Chez José and brought them back to Halifax. That's how good the baking is!
This place has great ambiance - a corner restaurant in an interesting neighborhood.  I ordered the Pina Colada smoothie (very good) and an asparagus and mushroom omelet (disappointing).  They also have crepes, and those could be very good - need to try again sometime, and the pastries looked very good.The omelet was just so-so.  I really can't put my finger on it - the cheese (allegedly cheddar) did not have *any* taste, and neither did much of anything else.  I did not eat more than about 1/3rd of it.  It came with a field green salad, which was very good.Anyway, there is potential here, and I really liked the atmosphere, so I will try again.  But I never will have another omelet here.
The sandwiches, crepes and soups are delicious here but... the smoothies?! Dang. They should just call it "yum-juice" and leave it at that. This small and eclectic place has a hippy vibe that's easy to embrace. Great for a mid-day meal, their plates are loaded up with extra veg and cut-up fruits. The staff is so sweet you could mistake them for your relatives. * Still cash-only.
I had a decent 6$ sandwich. That's what I can say. I read other reviews and I really went there hoping for something decent, but I felt let down. You can't expect much for 6$ so it delivered there. But the service was terrible. 6 people in the place and the girl couldn't bother to show us more attention then the minimum requirement. The place is also dirty, quite dirty. I can handle cheap, but not a fan of dirty. Soupe soupe across the street is a better bet. A few bucks more but much better organized.
I don't know whether it's best to judge this particular book by its cover; the decor is eccentric and eclectic, but undeniably rad and the same might be said about the menu. I generally go for an early-morning breakfast or brunch and though it can be tough to get a seat in this teeny-tiny restaurant, it's well worth the wait. The omelette sandwiches are particularly good and incredibly inexpensive, especially considering the fact that you can load them up with absolutely any filling and incur no extra cost. Coming in a close second, though, is their amazing chicken sandwich, which has just the right amount of spicy mayo on a perfectly-cooked chicken breast. Accompanied by a smoothie (for a combined price of only $8), even the bill is satisfying.Also worth a mention is the incredibly charming staff, who are not only friendly but will always go the extra mile. When I went in for a family brunch and found there were no seats left, they set up a terasse just for us and successfully won our business for years to come.
For value for flavour and $ this is a winning choice for sandwichy fare.  I must admit that I have only had the warm Spicy capicoli sandwich with cheese and cucumber slathered in their hot sauce, but it is so frickin delicious.  I'm serious.  It's so good (and cheap), I have found it difficult to stray and try something different (which really isn't my typical MO).  My friends loved their Grilled Chicken Sandwiches with avocado, and the Vege Pate sandwich, so solid reviews all around.  The resto also makes delicious smoothies which are great support characters to the main dishes.  There is always a case full of danishes and desserts, but I haven't had a chance to indulge in these yet.  The ambiance is sort of hipster hippie (a la Santropol), but friendly and welcoming ... oh and the prices include taxes.  I like it when restos do that, just my thing I guess.  This place is totally worth a visit (or a few).
For my final Montreal lunch on this culinary adventure I had to decide between Shwartz's and Chez José.I made the right choice! Wickedly fresh juice, homemade empanadas that could stack up to the harshest Buenos Aires foodie and a proper sandwich full of veg and poulet.Awesome finalé!Merci Montreal.
Chez Jose173 avenue Duluth EstMontréal, QC H2W 1H4(514) 845-06934 starsWhen I was a student living in Montreal, Chez Jose was my favourite little cafe and pastry shop. It was right around the corner from my boyfriends', so on weekends we'd head on over with bedhead to wake up with the most heavenly 'cafe au lait' and 'pain au chocolat' you've ever tasted. The delicate pastry was always perfectly light, crispy and buttery and the inside chocolate melted in your mouth like a divine communion. We'd hang out at the tables in the funky little shop, and lazily watch the people on Avenue Duluth or study while we ate. It's cash only, which was no problem; as students, we didn't have credit anyway! They have the most incredible guacamole chicken sandwiches here, made with fresh chicken breast and roasted vegetables. These were the only things I ordered on the menu. They became rituals, study treats, weekend getaways and tantalizing Montreal memories.
Chez Jose I adore you, your food, your staff, your coffee and your jam.The food is simple, fresh and done well. I'm a big fan of the omelets and the fresh pastries. Chez Jose has a great vibe- I don't know if it's the staff, the music or the patrons but it's really laid-back and happy. It's the best in the summer when the windows and doors are open and gentle breezes flow throughout the place. I love this place!!
This place has everything I want and more. The staff are lovely, the food is great and really well priced and they also have smoothies and amazing baked goods as well. I got a smoothie and a veggie pate sandwich and it was so delish and only $8. The food came fast and I got to take a look at all the cool decor while I waited for my food. The place is small but the murals outside make it hard to miss. I would go here for breakfast, lunch, dinner or a snack.
The coziest spot for a summer afternoon meal. I almost felt transported to Williamsburg for a moment but I realize how much this place reflected what you look for in Montreal. I expected a simple lunch in the first place but I'd never thought I would get such a great meal.The sandwiches are just amazing and unlike other sandwich shops, Chez Jose has a very specialized menu with a few but very unique choices, I especially recommend the Chourico Fromage which will fill you up and only cost you $6. More, you can combine it with a fresh fruit juice for $9. However, Spanish food-savvy critiques will definitely question the Gazpacho's recipe. But hey - that's for pros only. You feel home chez Jose and that's the best about it.
It's hipsterish and found in Montreal's Middle-Earth located somewhere between Mile-End and the Plateau. Oh, and they make really good sandwiches and fruit smoothies. Yum!
Chez Jose an airy little cafe with a whole lot of character. While one wall is painted in zebra print, another is adorned with sunflowers, and the next with colourful fish. On hot summer days, other than the few tiny tables that line the perimeter, seating is limited to the inside on your choice of an eclectic collection of mismatched wooden chairs. Don't worry if you had hoped to do some people watching or sunlight absorption, it's all still possible with the windows opened wide.A white board lists the combinations of fruit smoothies made with 100% orange juice available. A glass display case shows off the drool-inducing assortment of pastries. Sandwiches and salads du jour keeps things fresh and light.You'll want to make sure you've got cash with you though since they don't take cards. If you find yourself cashless and hungry (and lazy) though, the dep next door charges $2.25 for "cash back", purchase optional.
Super crepes and delicious if expensive juice.
I came here a few weeks ago, and the one thing that was almost better than the food, was the price!  People, I must say that to get a full on satisfying meal (drink aaaandd dessert) for $13 is ridiculous (skip dessert and it's under $10)!  I had the Chicken and Avocado Sandwich, the smoothie with mango in it, and the chocolate croissant brioche (sent me over the edge) and traded bites with my friend who had the triple berry pie. Staff was personable and friendly -served en français et in english, and though the establishment isn't big, super quaint! I've already raved about the place to 10 other people.
Yes, this place is super cool.  Super tiny; but super cool.  Try not to go with a large group or the seating will be awkward.  Their menu is really awesome -- more a lunch-type menu with sandwiches and soups.  If I remember correctly, they had a seafood soup that was only served on Fridays and it was delicious!You can get a really decent meal with smoothie and all for around $10.  Their servers are cool and the decor is so very Montreal.
This place is plain awesome. The menu is not big which usually indicates a good eatery. All that is on the menu is worth tasting. Signature dishes include omelettes, crepes and smoothies. The pastries are good, too. The only thing that saddens me is that I can't have all I enjoy there at once, it would be too much for one meal.The owner and staff are outdoorsy and very friendly. One can notice funny notes here and there that change over time to reflect recent internet memes.
Dear Chez Jose staff: I have an excellent proposition for you. You move to Honolulu and bake here. In return, I give you excellent weather!!! Umm that's about all I can give in return though.Can't say I didn't try...It's been a while since I last visited this place but the pain au chocolat was indeed amazing!!! And mmmm their crepes too!!! The service had always been great and I wasn't kidding when I said I wish I could take this place with me (or at least the bakers haha.)Montrealers are soooooo lucky to have awesome boulangeries/patisseries. I would kill for a good croissant, some brioche or pain au chocolat right now.
Reviews for this little café were so good, we decided to give it a try. Our sandwiches were quite bland and the service uneven. The fruit juice was really good and we did not have time for dessert or coffee which seem to be the main reason why people go there. Please note that they do not take Interac or credit cards but the dépanneur next door will give you some cash back if you ask at the counter.
Amazing brunch spot and bakery with absolutely awesome smoothies and delcious lattes. Vegetarian friendly crepes are excellent. The only thing on the menu that disappoints those in the know are the empanadas but since everything else is so great that shouldn't detract from your experience at all. As an added bonus, the specials are always great deals and the coffee options are always delicious!  The only reason Chez Jose didn't get five stars is because several times when I've been there with just one dining mate we've been stuck at a long table with loud groups of other patrons on either side crowding our space. It hasn't stopped me from going back again and again but it can slightly detract from the overall experience.
Yuummm Really nice place. Me and my husband walked to this place on a Wed afternoon. I the Omlette with him trying the beef soup and with Pina Colada smoothie each. They were delicious and cheap for the price. The place was cozy, giving a lot of one-on-one interaction time. the Chocolate tarte was yummy too. We took it to-go and ate it along the way out. The food was good, with great service and nice and friendly environment. Definitely will come back!
Awesome sandwichs / crepes / juice for cheap.  They have a sandwich and juice special for $8 CAD.  They have both savory and sweet crepes with 10+ ingredients for each.  They use frozen strawberries in their smoothies, but it's actually quite nice as it's cold and refreshing.
I was introduced to Chez Jose by one of my coworkers who is pretty much obsessed with the place. It's a really funky little cafe and there are almost always lineups of people getting takeout sandwiches at lunch. Needless to say I grab lunch here (with said coworker) at least once a week and I have trouble straying from the churrasco. It's just so tasty and satisfying, and for a mere $5 it's a great value. They have a nice selection of pastries, too. A lot of my coworkers are partial to the berry pie, but so far I've only tried the pain au chocolat, which was delicious.
A good little breakfast place that serves up excellent omelettes. A personal plus for me is that you get a real coffee with breakfast (read allongé, espresso, latte, etc.)!Get there early otherwise prepare to wait.
Friendliest and cheekiest counter-staff I've met so far in Montreal. José himself is at the cash register every morning. Warm pastries right out of the oven - mmm.Simple all day menu filled with affordable good food. Satisfying sandwiches, generous omelets and cold fruit smoothies. Really good and really affordable. *Cash only.
It was pretty early in the morning.  We didn't want to go to some tourisy and diner breakfast spot.  Of course, Chez Jose tucked away in Rue Duluth whispered us in with its tiny interior and young locals alike.  Like any montreal spot you've got choices of pastry lined up behind the glass case, but that's not why I came here.  I saw someone eating mussels, in the morning!?  Why not!  Turns out it was a seafood soup, sounds even better.  I got that $10 along with a pint of pina colada smoothie $4.  The soup is filled with fish pieces, calamari, mussels and tiny scallops, with tons of romesco orange sauce and soaked rice, yum!  It was super good, I wanna make it.  My boyfriend got the olive noires et formage de cheddar omelet, $8.  It was pretty good too, I kind of wish I got that as well.  This is probably my favourite spot for breakfast in ville.  Bien sur!  Je retourne l'an porchaine.
Fun little place on a funky street away from downtown Montreal.  The crepes are good, but what is underrated are the unique juice blends.  Certainly something to worth a bit of a walk, even if the walk isn't very scenic. They also seem to put the same amount of chocolate on every crepe, even the dedicated chocolate crepe.  Just keep that in mind when ordering.  Enjoy.
I love this place!  I only stopped in for a second and the guy working there was very kind about my sad grip on the French language. Ordered a chausson aux pomme... It was SO good, packed with apple... I will make a bee-line there when I head to Montreal next.
Lovelovelove this place!the empanadas are delicious! The sandwiches as well!Great cafe au lait. A good neighborhood coffee shop all around. I'm a fan.
I rarely eat out for breakfast. I usually only go out for breakfast on trips. Everyone recommended this place, so I wanted to give it a try. Very mellow atmosphere, which is the right mood to start off any morning. I had an omelet, which was delicious. Then topped it off with some orange juice and some pain au chocolat. The pain au chocolat was Amazing. Capital A.
So cute, The food is good, and atmosphere is mellow. Perfect for lunch. Love the fish soup!
Two of my friends and I were there randomly last Sunday morning and we all enjoyed the experience! The price-quality ratio is excellent and the person who waited on us was very professional.
The best omellettes in town by far. Very creative, portuguese influence. Great ambiance, good food and very modest prices make this place an ultimate choice for a Sunday brunch routine
go here and eat sandwiches(churrasso my favorite). the soup( tomate avec fromage bleu!.) the smooothies, oh god the pastries, and the empanadas. have a melt down on your walk home after because the food was soo good, the price was reesonable and the service was casual and gorgeous. angrily thrust your pointing fingers at passing pedestrians and cry to the heavens " why in hell do i you forsake their tongues? let them eat"
Funky small cafe on the corner, not a lot seating. Had a chicken sandwich and smoothie...the sandwich was tasty and would recommend going back.
This is my favorite cafe in Montreal. It's inexpensive and the portions are a good size. Omelettes and empanadas are DELICIOUS. The service is laid back and friendly. Also, they do not mock my awful attempts at French.
We enjoyed a great lunch here a couple of weeks ago.  Cute location.  I had the vegetarian empanada special with a great side salad.  My husband enjoyed an omelet sandwich and my daughter had a yummy ham and cheese.  Service was friendly.  We forgot my daughter's water bottle and went back a few hours later and they had saved it for us.  A great spot in a great neighborhood!
Chez Jose is undeniably cool. We stopped in for lunch after a bike ride around old Montreal and it was so satisfying and fun. We all had fresh fruit smoothies and sandwiches. The food and drinks were delicious and really reasonably priced. Thanks for a fun afternoon, Johnny, you're the shit!
This is one of my favourite take-out places. I usually just grab a few to-go salads (I don't know what they do to the lima beans and that bulgur + tomato -- soooo good!) but their hot meals are really good too. Love that fish and rice combo.
I've been going there occasionally for about a couple of years. The food quality is good: very tasty. It used to be a very good deal, but lately (2016) they've become very stingy and cheap with the portion sizes. I was there the other day and they asked me if I wanted rice with the entree from the buffet. I said yes, and they then put about four tablespoons of rice on the plate. I hate it when a restaurant gets stingy and enacts the "portion control policy" with something as cheap as rice! It's all of five cents...
What I like to do is buy a bag of pitas, some hummus, some quinoa salad, some pickled turnips, some labneh and some taboule, then just mix all that shit together in 5 sandwiches. Sometimes I get crazy and order the chicken and rice, and pop it in the mix. They also have amazing made to order sandwiches in the back if the former sounds like too much work.
As I'm walking on st denis hungry :) I saw trip de bouf on the other side of the street it's said Boulangerie  libanaise. As soon as I came in in was taking by a beautiful smell that reminded of home, I knew this  was going to be an epic food experience and it was.They don't play around here :) it's legit.
I dropped by here today. I've been coming to Trip de Bouffer for the past two years and every single time the service was amazing and the food has been consistently unreal. I'm a bit picky with mMiddle Eastern food since I grew up eating it from the best chef ever: my mom :). But the food here is pretty close to perfect. Recommended: I absolutely love their veggie kebbe, mouhamara, the veggie pizza, chicken rolls (soo good!), and my all time favourite stuffed veggie vine leaves!As for prices, super cheap. The food is so filling. Everything is approximately a $1 and you get a deal if you get 1/2 a dozen etc. nothing expensive, well worth the great quality of food. 10/10!!!!!!!!- @Hanaer
Being middle eastern myself I have to say this is top notch Arabic food. It feels as if my own grandmother spent all day slaving in the kitchen whenever I eat here. The grape leaves are incredible, especially the vege ones and the kibbeh is scrumptious. I always get their spreads, the mhamara is my personal favourite. The staff, no matter who it is, is always so sweet and hard working. The decor is awesome with hints of Lebanese originals. I truly love this place, it is perfect and I will continue to come here again and again.@cchehade
It's like a mini "Adonis" supermarket with more finesse. Beautifully prepared lebanese appetizers and food. I don't see the link between the name of the place and Lebanon... It is confusing but hey surprise! It has baba ganoush and garlic sauce instead of imported ketchup or fancy old dry pasta. Great to have on the Plateau.
Sometimes you just feel like a hot home-cooked meal. But there is nothing in the fridge or you really can't be stuffed cooking. This would be the moment where you leg it down to Trip de Bouffe. They are serving up hot, ready-to-devour home-cooked meals, as well as salads, sweets, coffee, bread; anything you could ever want really. They also sell refrigerated dishes and salads so if you premeditate getting into the same snitch again you can always grab one of those on your way out to put in the freezer. I wish Trip was a bit closer to my apartment though, it's delicious and inexpensive which makes it a place I could easily wind up at every other day.
Fresh and tasty Libanese sandwiches, salads, warm dishes, baklava, etc. It's a great place to get a lunch to go (they have pre-packed items if you are in a rush, but it's not that long either for them to prepare you a sandwich).  I have always been able to find a place to sit down and eat there, even there are not that many tables. Staff is really nice. It's a spot that I visit on a regular basis, just about every week, and they always have a decent number of customers, which is a good sign, too!
L-O-V-E. I need an option with more than five stars, please!First of all, I was immediately struck by Richie's penetrating blue eyeballs. He has all the girls swooning, I am SURE.  Anyway, all lusting aside, this place was an awesome discovery. Located in the heart of the Plateau, TDB offers an awesome array of all things Lebanese, made fresh daily, with what appears to be a lot of love, by a dude called Pops (who is literally, Pops to one of the owners). They have a variety of pre-made items such as marinated turnip (squeal!), important goodies, nuts & spices, and of course, the main attraction: home cooked Lebanese food ranging from humus and chicken to falafel and Lebanese-style pizza (I forget what that's called). The food is delicious. Enough said. They do have a small section if you're in the mood to eat in, but I think it's more of a pick up and go kind of place. As well, if you're having a party and feel too lazy to cook - go see these guys and they'll hook you up. Noms.
Once you've eaten the pitas from this place, you'll never want to eat another grocery store pita again. You know they are made without loads of preservatives, because they go stale after only a few days, but with pitas this good its rare they will long enough to get to that point (stick 'em in the freezer if you can't eat them all in a day or two). And a trip to Trip de bouffe means the opportunity to stock up on dips and salads, and that's never a bad thing. I'm in love.
I am an expert at Lebanese food (not at modesty though) and I have to say that I really liked this place. Maybe the second best lebanese food that I ever had in Montreal. However, it is not a restaurant so I would recommend it for take-out. The staff is also very friendly.
Nom nom nom. Pita made in house - perfect. All salads sampled so far - tasty and beyond fresh. Stuffed vine leaves - in the top 5 ever tasted according to my partner.  All stuffed pastries sampled so far amazing! Ah nuts! I have made myself so hungry for these amazing goodies that I have to cut this review short to go out and get some more.So, briefly, pick up your goodies there for your picnic on the mountain or to nosh at home in the depth of winter to remind you of warm Mediterranean breezes.Also, the guys really know their stuff, ask them about their dishes - they're so knowledgeable and friendly it's an added treat. Off I go! (Did I bring enough bags to carry it all home?)
Sunday morning "breakfast" including spinach fatayer, kebbes and sambouseks at a newly open Lebanese bakery on the Plateau, Trip de Bouffe. Everything was fresh and tasty.Baklava: light and flaky, right amount of syrup on each layer, sign of freshness
This place is what i call a lil gem in the city. Its a lebanese Bakery full of home made  lebanese/Arab inspired goodies like Tabouleh , baba ganoush, Sambusac , baklava and an assortment of mixed salads, rice and meat dishes.  You can also find a variety of nuts , spices , juice, breads, yogourt, syrup drinks ( i hope you guys know of mint syrup or your life is missing something fundamental ) and the thing that i find most exciting : Olive oil - that you can actually sample before buying - offered in regular glass bottles or big metal bottles with a small faucet!  + so many more things to discover. An exciting little store for any food lover!This place is perfect  to come and pick up a lunch if you work around the mount royal area or pick up some of your favourite lebanese goodies ( i picked up some fresh whole wheat flat bread and humous )...and also just to discover some new flavours!
Definitely some of the best food served on Mont Royal. The staff is very nice too which is always a plus. Love their meat lasagna, the spaghetti pasta and the salmon pie.  They also have these delicious mozzarella and beef sticks for snacks. The prices are great too.
This has to be my favourite Lebanese place in Montreal! This is coming from someone who is originally Lebanese and very picky!Simply perfect! Food is so good and you can really taste how it's homemade!I can't wait to go back! Reminds me of home :)
Great little spot. Finally a little takeout Lebanese place in the Plateau. Everything I've had so far was great.
My friend bought an assortment of goodies for the superbowl and now I cannot stop thinking about the awesomeness.
Best Lebanese around, great prices.
This is the perfect place to stop in for coffee, a heavy or light lunch. The beverage and pastry options are great, and the ingredients all great quality.
The cafe looks nice and is very quiet. They have lots of nice seating areas, if you're ever in the area, I would recommend it for students.I got a smoothie to share and it was delicious, it was strawberry Banana and you could taste all the individual ingredients. It felt very smooth. I haven't tried the food but I can't wait to!
Fresh fresh fresh! We shared the avocado/blue cheese/spinach salad, as well as the salmon/arugula sandwich. Both portions were good, and the ingredients were high quality. Oh also, my sweetie had a coffee. Apparently, it was quite tasty.The salad was lovely, with tons of fresh spinach, big crumbles of blue cheese, a beautifully ripened  avocado  (sliced ), and several plump tomatoes.  The bread on the sandwich was perfectly toasted, the salmon was good and plentiful. It came with a mixed  bean salad.Overall, the food was good, but it needed a little something more... more dressing for the salad, more aioli for the sandwich, more anything for the bean salad... even a quick spritz of lemon could've helped. The service and atmosphere were nice, and the restroom was fine. We weren't able to connect to their WiFi for some reason.This is a good place to stop if you want some clean eating... and apparently also if you want crepes, though we didn't try them.
Great restaurant to start your day, whether you're just picking up coffee to go or sitting down for a meal.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Just order at the counter and then take a seat, they'll bring your food out when it's ready. I had the special breakfast burger, which was really good. They have a cool orange juice machine that looks a bit like a Rube Goldberg machine, you can watch as it squeezes your juice right out of the oranges. It's probably a pain to maintain it, but the juice was great and it was fun to watch. Plus, how can you beat fresh-squeezed OJ?
Cafe Veritas is a wonderful local cafe in the heart of Old Montreal. Very open layout, with lots of seating, free wifi, and a large menu. The menu consists mostly of sandwiches and salads, with some crepes and typical coffee shop drinks. The hot chocolate is delicious here and the service is very friendly!
Nice place to grab a quick healthy bite. Food seem a bit uneven, I had a pulled pork wrap, which was the special of the day, and I liked it. 11$99 and it came with a salad, worth it. Some people were with me and I was not so enthusiast about the other things I tried, breakfast wrap was a bit plain and boring. And the crepe with fresh fruit was disappointing too. A mocka to pass this all down, average. Quick and efficient service, fruits and veggies seem fresh enough.
Healthy, friendly, and delicious! Would definitely stop by again for the soup, salad, or sandwich. Definitely would get the coffee again!
My husband and I came in here for a coffee and lunch. I ordered the sesame baked chicken salad and a cappuccino. The service was helpful and friendly, my cappuccino art was beautiful and the salad was fresh and delicious. If you are craving some healthy eats and delicious coffee in Montreal this is the place to hit up. I'm coming back for breakfast tomorrow.
A big healthy menu and the food is really fresh and delicious! The price is right and it's smack in the middle of tourist zone so that is a great surprise. Got the broccoli soup, breakfast wrap and the chicken avocado and arugula sandwich that comes with a fresh salad. Definitely recommend what we ordered because it was very good and healthy.
We had the mushroom omelette and grilled cheese panini. The omelette taste very fresh. The grilled cheese was so tasty and buttery. It melted in your mouth. Service was quick. The place is clean. It's very chic. It does have free wifi, all you have to do is ask them for the password. The prices are good as well. Overall I am satisfied.
Nice spot, air-conditioned and casual. Americano was so-so apparently the bagles are amazing though! Enormous salads, the avocado salad was a killer. Really like the blue cheese instead of standard chevre they used in that one. Not to expensive and the staff is nice, and if I may say so myself,  quite beautiful as well, always a plus.
Crepe taste creepy! Very dry and not juicy at all. Disappointed since it has high stars in yelp right now.
We had two veggie sandwiches, both choices were disappointing. They lacked flavour and were blend. The eggplant in one sandwich was not good for consumption anymore and the tofu sandwich could have used a better sauce. It's nice we had salad with the sandwiches (salad was nice) but the sandwiches had too little ingredients.... Overall, we don't believe we'll return to this place. But this being said, service was good and perhaps the meat sandwiches are better.
I used Yelp to find this cafe when I was looking for a sit down place that serves coffee in real mugs and not paper cups. Yelp didn't let me down. I had a fabulous crepe along with a cappuccino. Service was excellent and very friendly.
I had just finished running an intense 3-day meeting in Montreal, was hungry and needed good food in a low key setting. Thank you, Yelp, you came through again. Veritas was just the ticket. Previous reviews pointed me to the veggie and feta cheese sandwich - best ever? - and the coffee was strong and delicious. Friendly, efficient staff in a bright, cheerful setting. I can't recommend this place more.
Breakfast flat bread sandwiches are great.  I ordered the ham and cheese omelette flat bread sandwich. Very light but filling with fresh ingredients.
Absolutely amazing! This is not an upscale place but it's just perfect for a hearty lunch that won't break the bank. I ordered their veggie mozzarella panini sandwich which came with a lovely chickpea salad. I am usually not the type to finish my entire meal but after a horrible lunch at some upscale hotel down the street, I finished the entire sandwich AND salad (and that is after already "having lunch")This is not a tourist trap and you will get your money's worth. It's clean and healthy and affordable.
The cafe is near old port Montreal. I ordered an Americano and a scone for my afternoon tea. It was lucky that I found this cafe when carrying heavy loads walking around old Montreal.The atmosphere here is okay but what I ordered are all good. Even better than Starbucks. It's cheap for most of cafes in old Montreal .
sandwiches taste really great, crepes, coffee are good as well. Most food on the menu looks heathy and delicious. Great environment, walking distance to old montreal, and the church.  Price is not expensive at all, service is good.I definitely will go there again.
Awesome place for gourmet sandwiches, crepes and coffee.  Step away a few steps from the old town touristy cafés and you will be very happy you did:-).  Great prices, great food accompanied by great service.
Fantastic coffee, food and service. Came here during a break in a conference - the perfect spot for a quick sandwich (I had the chicken avocado, my colleague the chicken pesto) - and coffee.Our sandwiches were done on an almost flat crunchy bread, once out of the press - plenty of avocado and flavor in mine.Ordered a latte - it was delicious! Highly recommend this spot.
I had cheese bagel with salmon and BLT sandwich. Taste awful.
Great service, very good coffee, simple and delicious lunch fare. In a hood filled with tourist traps and fine but pricey dining, it's good to have a place like this to rely on.
It's always great when you can have a healthy option that' also happens to be delicious. This is definitely one of hose places and to make matters even better, this service is excellent.Stopped in here for lunch after wanting something fairly healthy. I got the chicken pesto panini sandwich which also comes with peppers. It's was absolutely delicious and to make it better its all organic and low in fat. The sandwich wasn't drowning in pesto and even the breast tastes extremely fresh.The lady who works there could not have been more pleasant and accommodating. She explained almost everything on the menu in detail and went out of her to present it in English since I'm American. Couldn't ask for a better overall experience. Ill absolutely be back!
spent some time with friends here on a recent trip to Montreal. Cappuccino was very refreshing after a long day's walk around the old town.
I've only been here once and it certainly did not wow me enough to return. I had a chocolate and banana crepe. I enjoyed it as much as any other run of the mill crepe. This could be a case of ordering the wrong item on the menu, but I am a bit perplexed by some of the more favorably enthusiastic reviews.
Unorganized and chaotic place. Mixed up different tables orders; didn't service food in order it was placed and took 30-40 for a sandwich. Good cappuccinos
My sister and I ate here on our first day in Montreal. My sister ordered a chicken-cranberry salad that looked out of this world. I ordered the crepes with ham/asparagus/swiss. My crepe had a touch of sweetness that I didn't care for in what I expected to be a savory dish, but it was cooked well. This is a nice casual eatery, with healthy options. I would return...and order the salad. Our meals with drinks cost $30 CAD.
Nothing special, just a place to get a quick and healthy bite to eat. Disappointed that the Orange and carrot juice wasn't fresh squeezed, the price indicted as such.
My wife and I drove 6 hours fron NY to Old Montreal. We were famished on arrival and as vegetarians we needed to find the right place. Well we sure did at Cafe Veritas. A large selection to choose from, well prepared food and delicious !!. The service was wonderful. Highly recommended.
Great place for soups, salads or breakfast . I had a huge breakfast here for only $9 and it was only $1 more for a delicious coffee to go with it! The service was great and the atmosphere very comfortable. Plenty of room and big windows .
lovely casual place. but the wifi didn't work for me.bummer that crepes are only served for breakfast!!! till 11.30am. salads looked huge.sandwiches are delicious. thanks to the lady's recommendation, i ordered the chicken avocado & arugula.THE BREAD. omgosh. hello there. soft not overbearing. scrumptious by itself or with the sandwich. give me more please. it also came with a small side of quinoa mixed with cucumbers, dressing, red cabbage, etc.
Good prices. The coffee was very good. They steam the milk automatically for your coffee. Bagel with cream cheese was very good, best part of meal, ordered a side of smoked salmon. Crepe with berries was good too. Roasted potatoes with omelette were a miss, season and flavor were wrong for a breakfast/brunch. Omelette was not good, more of a frittata than omelette. I should of used salt and pepper but did not. Egg flavor was off.
Excellent lunch here. I had the Grilled Veggie Sandwich and even asked if they could swap the cheese out for avocado. They were pleasant and easy to work with! The sandwich was delicious. I also had a cranberry orange smoothie, flavor was great but a little too much pulp for me at the end. Clean, inviting restaurant. Definitely recommended for lunch!
Cappuccino was excellent. Free wifi. Sandwiches are very expensive, the highest prices I've seen in Montreal. Perhaps is normal for the old port, but $11 for a sandwich is crazy.
Fun space, tasty food and super friendly staff. However, several choice salad options were unavailable because the kitchen was understaffed when I arrived.
The interior appears to have been renovated in approximately 2008 and is starting to look dated. Large menu of paninis, lunch-type food. Coffee was acceptable, a touch better than chain fare but on the whole uninteresting - if you're not pressed for time, Café 1880 on St-Denis or Pourquoi Pas on Amherst are superior options in this part of the city.
Good food at a good price!  I had the Tomato, basil and mozzarella sandwich, which was delicious.  They challenged me to compare their cafe mocha to that 'other' coffee shop's version and I must say it was very good!  If I return to Montreal, I will visit this place again!
So... this place is DEFINITELY NOT vegan.  And not vegetarian either.  It has vegetarian options, which I suppose makes it practically vegan in Montreal, but still.The vegetarian options they do have, though, are wonderful.  And you can read it in French or English!  I got the Mediterranean salad, for $10 CA, and it was wonderful.  Big and delicious, with massive chunks of feta and juicy kalamata olives.  All the other salads that came out looked great too, and I realized too late that they had my favorite soup-- corn chowder.Easy walking distance from the Palais des Congres... and right next to Subway.  Makes you wonder how Subway could possibly get any business at all... Unless patrons are turned away by the slightly-treacherous step down to the restrooms.  Completely logical.
Good food, very fresh, and super-nice staff! The wifi works better if you sit in the main part of the cafe. If you sit down near the door, the signal is variable.They also have TVs up showing images of beautiful places and happy people. Very soothing.The salad with avocado and cranberries is fantastic. Even in the dead of winter, the produce is wonderfully fresh.We come here for breakfast and lunch several times each trip we take to Montreal. And the staff remembers us year to year, which is even nicer!
Very good and healthy options.  Staff was so friendly, kind and considerate.  Close to Palace de Congres for lunch break.
Excellent food and great service! :)  We are traveling from the US and they had English menus which made ordering their great food much easier.
I did a whole lot of research to find a suitable brunch spot for both my husband and I for our first morning in Montreal. Since it was a Sunday and a holiday weekend, the place we originally wanted to go to was closed. However, I found a highly rated café quite close to our hotel that offers vegan, vegetarian and non-veg brunch items. Café Veritas popped up in almost all of my searches for a casual but reputable brunch location in Old Montreal.Well, Café Veritas was easy to find. . . I love how their sign connotes it's healthful and fresh cuisine concept.The inside was very cool--kind of modern and sleek. The menu offerings were posted sort of like you would find in a food court--with pictures--but believe me when I say the atmosphere was far from food court!We found ourselves a cozy little corner table., and went to the counter to order.  The woman who took our order was so nice!According to what I read online, Café Veritas aims to serve more healthful cuisine. They have tons of salads and sandwiches, as well as crepes and oatmeal. They're also quite well-known for their coffee beverages and coffee art. Rather than get a fancy latte though, I stuck with a simple cup of black coffee.I ordered their "porridge" cooked in soymilk, with banana, raisins, and walnuts. It also came with honey, but since all of their food is made to order, I requested no sweetener and they happily obliged.I have to tell you a few things about this breakfasty bowl of goodness. First, this porridge Is advertised as cooked in soymilk, which made it vegan from the get-go. I didn't have to ask for the soymilk--it is normally prepared that way! Second, it was the best oatmeal I have ever eaten in my life. Step aside Le Pain Quotidien. . . there's another amazing oatmeal bowl in town!The soymilk made it beyond creamy, and while it was a tad more liquidy than I am used to, it made it have a texture like rice pudding! The bananas and raisins provided the right amount of sweetness, and the walnuts gave a nice crunch. The serving size was perfect too--not too much, not too little.My husband ordered whole wheat crepes with ham and cheese, and he also though his food was fantastic--it was light and fresh and satisfied him without weighing him down.Café Veritas is so yum-- I would recommend it to anyone looking for a healthy breakfast, lunch, or brunch, but it is especially great for those who don't eat meat or dairy as well. They don't even charge extra if you want your latte made out of soy, which is quite a rarity, as most places do charge extra for soymilk.
Very decent espresso. Selection of vancouver roasted coffees. Nice space and friendly service. Recommend!
I was looking for a place with healthier options and just happened to walk by. This place has a great selection on sandwiches and salads. Being a vegetarian it tends to be harder to eat out when you don't know the area, but Cafe Veritas had a good vegetarian selection.  Since the menu has pictures, it's very easy to select something tasty. The service was also very quick and helpful. I would recommend this place for a coffee break or lunch.
I really enjoyed their veg sandwitch(Légume Grillés et Fromage de Chèvre). Avacado Salad is decent. Service is prompt and prices are cheap given the location.
Amazing sandwiches and salads... And one of the best coffees in town. I am very picky about my coffees and I must say this is very close to Myriad. Highly recommend this place if you want decent good quality food and don't want to be ripped!
Food seemed very fresh and everything was tasty. Between all of us we were able to try the fruit crepes and the banana hazelnut crepes as well as a bagel and egg sandwich and a very fresh fruit cup. The food was served quickly and it was all very good. The only thing that was a negative is that I wasn't a big fan if the coffee, but I had drop coffee and not any if the espresso offerings that smelled so good.
You know what I like? Paninis. And you know what else I like? Coffee.Done, and done. Delicious food, amazing service, and fair prices at this very cozy spot surrounded by tourist traps and subpar food joints.
If you're staying in Vieux Montreal and you're going broke because of all of the fantastic (read: expensive) dining by night, save some coin during the day by heading to Cafe Veritas for breakfast.  Really tasty, healthy options.  And soooo affordable too!  2 yummy egg sandwiches on bagels=$8 CAD.  The staff is friendly.  The atmosphere's clean and cozy too.
Great atmosphere, ideal place to go if you are looking for a quiet place with a nice decor and a relaxing music. The menu covers salads, paninis, hot and cold drinks.
A good place to go if you want to get away from tourists in the old montreal area. It has vegetarian food with is definitely a plus. Also the music is good.
Modern resto cafe in a great location. They have the average salad/sandwich fare (with veg options which is nice), but perhaps takes attention away from the coffee. Ordered a ristretto and an americano with less water. The cashier was a little confused but the barista seemed more knowledgable, although still gave me a cup filled to the top with water for the americano. They're using 49th parallel which is generally good but both coffees tasted over extracted and were served in paper cups. Overall an average experience-maybe a visit earlier in the day would have been better.
Nice music, great location.
If you are a coffee lover, DON'T go here.  Although its quite true that the decor is really modern and nice inside, the coffee is terrible.  I didn't try anything on the menu, but will never go back here again.
Great ambiance. Reasonable prices. Friendly staff. Almost everything can be made to be vegetarian végétarienne or vegan so the menu  which consists mostly of salads and hot sandwiches is great. Beer, coffee, orange juice and carrot juice ir served so there is something for everyone. I recommend
This place was great!  The kids had bagels and cream cheese, even though they weren't  serving breakfast. My wife and I split paninis one salmon and one basil pesto chicken, both came with a small salad. They were both delicious and the service was very good. It was a very hot day, and the AC was excellent as were the comfy chairs after a morning of walking around Old Montreal.
Stopped by for coffee over the weekend. Well-made cappuccinos. Modern, clean décor. Friendly service from the gentleman behind the counter (the owner perhaps?)
First time reviewer of anything, but I do consult these kind of sites when wanting to try something new. As a regular at Veritas, when I came across some of these bad reviews, I decided to finally write a post for all the Veritas regulars out there. I take a detour at least 3-4 times a week to get a cappuccino from Veritas on my way to work. The caps here as good as it gets and I've always been greeted with a smile. Whenever I can, I pass by for a meal here and it's been consistently great. So, for all you haters out there, I don't get it.
My sister was in town and we were on our way to Old Port to walk around and were starving. We found Cachitos through Yelp and decided to try it.We walk in not entirely knowing what to expect. We are immediately welcomed and offered a sample because she could tell we didn't really know what we were ordering. We got a ham and cheese, guava and cheese, and spinach and ricotta. All of them were incredible! The sweet and savory mix of the guava and cheese was especially delicious, all should try that one.On top of the Cachitos, we got a Bonbon espresso with condensed milk and a macchiato. The espresso was definitely the favorite, as it was so sweet with the condensed milk but still packed the good espresso punch. The macchiato was also very good, but very strong, so beware if you're looking for something sweeter or more dessert-like.The service was absolutely the best part of Cachitos though. They helped us choose what to get and how much, were very speedy, and obviously loved seeing us try their homemade authentically Venezuelan food. An experience in itself and I will definitely be returning!
We took out two cachitos, spinach and cheese. I love the spinach one, and the cheese one is also yummy.The lady there is really nice. When she heard we were first time there, she gave us a slice of the cheese cachito to taste.Unfortunately, I ate them before I realised I forgot to take pictures...
BonBon ($2.25) Espresso with Condensed Milk might be one of my favourite espresso drink as dessert.I were more impressed with the espresso drinks at Cachitos than the actual "cachitos" which we ordered were both underwhelming. Spinach with ricotta and parmesan/Jamon y queso (ham and cheese).Sugar Cane Juice though was refreshing on a hot day.
Wow! I had the Ham and Cheese cachito (literally straight out of the oven), a passionfruit tartlet and a dulce de leche cupcake.....so good! The Cachito was soft, crunchy and sweet and the filling was delicious. I'll be back tomorrow to try the chorizo!The owner and the other guy working their were super helpful and sweet even though I couldn't speak french!
I was very happy to discover Cachito's in Montreal. It was authentically Venezuelan. The service was very friendly. The food simple, but tasty. Cachito's is on my to-do list for the next trip to Montreal.
Cachitos is a great place to go for lunch. You walk in and there are a couple of tables and a glass case full of the "cachitos". The cachitos are really good, interesting, fancier hot pockets.  You have your choice of many different types, from ham and cheese, to spinach and ricotta and even dessert types. We got the ham and cheese, spinach and ricotta, a special chicken one (don't remember the name), and the home-made chorizo one. Our favorites were the ham and cheese and spinach and ricotta.  The roll-ups and all freshly made and are quite filling.  This is a unique (Venezuelan-type), cheap walk-up food place. Very interesting place to try.
Yummy pretzel-like dough wrapped around filling of your choice.  We had the Bacon & Ham, and Ham & Cheese, along with mini lemon and lime tartletts.  Warm, slightly chewy, ample filling. They were still warm!  Very Satisfying breakfast!  Bought five more to take home with us.
Delicious, easy to get to and inexpensive? Where do I sign up?!?  I wish I found this place earlier in my visit to Montréal.  I highly recommend the Ham & Cheese or the Chorizo cachitos.  Meat, cheese stuffed in a soft bread is my kind of meal.  If you enjoy a slight sweet taste, the Guava & cheese cachito is the way to go.  You will not be disappointed.
Be prepared to release your urge to eat healthy if you go here, but it is so worth it! My fiancee and I stumbled across this place on Christmas morning and were so happy we did. It was packed and rightfully so. I am vegetarian so I tried the guava and cheese cachito and the spinach and ricotta, both were delicious. My fiancee tried the pork and chicken and loved them both. We also tried the cafechito, which I didn't really care for. But it's a delicious, unique breakfast def worth trying!!
These things are delicious. We came both days that we were in Montreal during our last stay. There's quite a few different flavours, and they are in the $3-4 range. I think one per person is good for bfast. We shared a few different types and all were good. Tastes kind of like a cross between a croissant and a pretzel I'd say. Staff is friendly. Accepts credit
My wife and I found this place convenient to the Hyatt while on a quick holiday to Montreal. The owner greeted us as we walked in and offered a sample of a delicious hot, cheese filled bread. That set the hook. We ordered a hot ham and cheese bread and a couple BonBon cafés. The food and drinks were great and we will be back without a doubt... very tasty food and coffees.
Great little local Venezuelan food. Owners are exceptionally friendly. The chicken stew and guava cheese cachitos are amazing. Definitely recommend for a new experience.
not gonna lie, I was a bit skeptical about the rave reviews -- place doesn't really look like anything spectacular -- but I was hungry, and though I'm on a tight budget I really don't want to eat in freakin' McDonald's in Montreal, so I decided to give it a try, and was not at all disappointed.as others have said, when I came in the guy manning the counter asked if I'd had cachitos before, and when I said no he offered me a sample of the basic cheese one (delicious).  I got the lunch combo -- two cachitos, soup or salad, drink for something like 10.24 -- with ham & cheese and chorizo & cheese, and couldn't even finish (not for lack of trying, but those things are FILLING); one (under $4) would probably be enough for breakfast or a smallish lunch.  I'm only in town for a few more days and may come back for breakfast or to try one of the sweet ones.  super nice people, super delicious, convenient, cheap -- what's not to love?
So delicious. And very friendly service. Had the salmon, and ham and cheese. My son was blown away... "Whoa, do they make these in the US?" Maybe Cachitos will expand across the border.
holy molly how cool is this placenot only the cachitos are great and make me oh so home sick for my natal venezuela but in addition to the typical ham and cheese cachitos they have a plethora of more exotic ones that are sure to pleasethe coffee is pretty fantastic toodo yourself a favor and tried the cafechitoand service is very friendly to boota little piece of venezuela in montreal
A tasty variety of cachitos.  They are inexpensive and tasty but you might have to eat more than one if you don't want to be hungry after. Many of them were hot and for a flavor that was sold out, they were happy to make a new batch and they were ready in 15 minutes.
I wish we had this in Toronto! Came here for a quick breakfast on two days out of our four day trip to Montreal. Staff was friendly and cachitos were freshly made. Smoothies were good too!
Delicious! And super energetic owners/employees. Lovely little shop with cachitos* and pastries. They don't hesitate to make suggestions - my spinach and ricotta was scrumptious, warm, and perfect with whatever small dipping sauce they provided. Love that the same pastries come in both bite size and regular size (my lemon tart was the perfect sweet tangy finish). 'twas a great recommendation (the lady told me her favorite & the best selling goods). Also, there's wifi that works, ac, good coffee, & a chill vibe. Makes me want to study here despite being on vacation. Oh, and did I mention that they were on the front page of montreal's gazette today?! Made me smile to see how stoked they were! Happiness is contagious. *Cachito - [kah-chee-toh] a small horn shaped bread native to Venezuela, that is traditionally filled with ham or cheese
My trip to Montreal may have ended and I am no longer in the area, but fond memories of my brunch at Cachitos keep playing over and over again in my head.  They have excellent customer service, welcoming you and offering a sample as soon as you walk through the door, enticing you to order.  I ordered the Combo that comes with 2 cachitos (I chose beef and the Spinach-Ricotta), a lentil soup and a beverage.  Everything was really good.  The lentil soup will literally warm you from the inside out.  I really liked the Spinach-Ricotta cachito, but the beef one was a bit dry.   You definitely need the mayo sauce they give you on the side for dipping.  The above fed two of us and we were quite happy-full.   With an extra order of a caffe and a bite-sized dulce de leche cupcake, our bill rang us up to only $13 for all of this deliciousness!  Seating is limited, so you may have to have a backup plan to take out in case all the tables and chairs are filled.
First of all let me say that this was one of the most pleasant surprises of Montreal. The store itself is quaint and run by very friendly staff. The staff were helpful and eager to let us try samples before buying. The food itself is all homemade and each different cachito is delicious. The drinks are also refreshing and scrumptious. Definitely a must have when visiting Montreal. Love it!
Cachitos is fabulous!! As soon as you enter in the place, you get to smell freshly baked bread. It smells even better than in all the other bakeries. Then, the super friendly staff will explain you what is a cachito - a sort of baguette filled with cheese, or meat, etc. So much better than anything I could have expected. Perhaps because it was late and the afternoon and I was very hungry, but it was really one of the most delicious thing I've got to eat in my life. And by the way, their coffee is awesome!! ;)
Cachitos are delicious sandwhich-like snacks! Although small compared to what I expected, they are great for tasting various flavors in one sitting. The salmon as well as their cheese cachitos are simply delicious.I believe the staff is partly composed of family members and they were not only very informative about their unique product, but they also were a delight to talk to. I would highly recommend you give this place a try, especially since, as far as I know, there is no other place to get Cachitos in Montreal!
great choriqueso, lime tarts and limonade made with sugar cane, the owner and staff are super friendly too!
though the concept is fairly new for me...cachitos was a pleasant experience...we went there on consecutive days during our montreal visit...sugar cane lemonade...and the coffee...were to die for...very friendly staff...the best part is they do not cook them in bulk and store it for display...at any time u can find a max of three cachitos of a kind...you have to wait for 10 mins to get a fresh batch and its totally worth the wait...they have close 10 different varietals on the offer including the savory and sweet kind...hot melting cheese with meat/veggies on the inside  inside with the soft bread and a nice bake crunch on the outside.
I wasn't sure what to expect but went there anyway since it had such good reviews. It's a small family business and the cachitos are all freshly baked. The food was delicious and well worth the price. Very friendly staff (we got free drinks!).
Every single morning of our trip to Montreal, we visited Cachitos. They are the best new thing I have tried, so savory but yet sweet depending on the ones you try. My favorite were the spinach and ricotta and the chorizo. The owners and staff members are very knowledgeable and friendly, we were given a sample of their Cachitos when we first found the place, as well as their pure sugar cane sweet lemonade. Delicious. I really hope Carmen and Lilliana make a move down to New York City, because I would be in there every morning for one.
We stayed at a hotel about two blocks away. Found this spot through Yelp. Awesome for breakfast. Neighborhood appears unsafe so I wouldn't recommend walking during off-peak hours. There are homeless people here and there. Avoid eye contact! Once you entered the establishment, all is well. Friendly staff. We never had a cachitos so the server sliced sample pieces for us. It was delicious. Small pastries with different kind of fillings and cheese in it. Sorta like a empanada. For $3.50, it is a pretty damn good deal. We tried the beef and the chorizo. Both of them are good. The pastry part is warm and soft, cheese is just the right amount without overpowering the meat, and the meat is well seasoned. It comes with a mayo garlic type sauce. Done. Good for breakfast. Good for afterwork snack. Get it with a cup of coffee. Will definitely return...
Wasn't sure what to expect, never had Venezuelan food before - this was incredible though. Spectacularly well prepared, very friendly staff, and the Frappes are a pleasantly great surprise. Lots of vegetarian options, the soup was good, and if you come between 11-15:00 you can get two cachitos, a drink, and soup for $9. Not bad at all and well worth the price!
I went into this with medium expectations. How amazing could a cachito be? Well, the answer is...super amazing! We tried the ham and cheese. So soft and warm. Great treat to go! Really friendly staff, as well. Good value for something so tasty.
I saw a lot of good reviews on Yelp and bookmarked it before we went to Montreal. Its a great little place. Very tasty. Its good for breakfast and snack as its not suited for anything else. They have couple of tables inside and outside. I had cheese and chicken with some sort of pastry...very different and tasty. Very friendly owners..they seems to be very busy during early afternoon...snack time...I recommend it. You have to try..
Unique and authentic stuffed "pies" from Venezuela. Delicious.I recommend the ham and cheese filled cachitos. So yummy. You think you've tried foods of the world? You must try these. Plus the staff is very friendly and helpful. Essayez quelque chose de nouveau. Yum.
We went here twice in the week we were visiting Montreal and had a great experience both times. The staff was friendly and welcoming from the moment you walk through the door, all smiles and speaking french, english , and spanish! The cachitos are prepped and baked fresh here and they consist of a super soft long roll stuffed with delicious fillings like chorizo, ground beef, chocolate, or chicken and cheese...we had all of the above and enjoyed every single bite! They also have great pastries, smoothies,and coffee. This is a cute little shop with a few seats inside in a bit of a sketchy area but not unsafe in any way. They seem to appeal to both business men/women & also the local construction workers...I am guessing because it's fresh, quick, delicious, and served with a great attitude from a happy crew.
Wow, very glad my girl found this place. Their bagels are amazing. They cook them perfectly and have so many varieties inside, you will fine what you crave for sure. It is a very small shop but you can tell they love what they do. trust them when they make a recommendation for you.
small baked bread with various stuffs: cheese, bacon, chocolate etc. would definitely go there again
In-house chorizo is definitely worth while.  Cafechito coffee with condensed milk is a real treat.  Americans may think they see a bagel-dog, but they need to realize that this bread is perhaps 75% baguette, 15% croissant (some kind of butter or egg white on the exterior), and 10% magic.  We liked the art hanging on the restaurant walls, so the proprietors asked us to see the murals on the downstairs walls. Cachitos takes "gracious" and "charming" to the next level.  Nowhere in Montreal did I see anyone cooler than the guy with the Stetson hat, Oakley sunglasses, biker's leather jacket, and a kilt.
Looked interesting and so we decided to hit it up with a bunch of friends.  Saw the rave reviews on Yelp and sure enough--it was good.  But it's just cheese in a pastry.  Nothing special.  They're pretty small too.  I paid 13$ for two cheese in pastries.  But hey, it seemed authentic and the owners were friendly.  Really, I just expected more.
This Cafe/Restaurant should make any Venezuelan proud of their food. The Cachitos are not only extremely good, but a true representation of the Venezuelan ones. I would actually say that they are even better than some cachitos you would find in Venezuela itself.I would recommend this to anyone for any occasion at any time. Please try the Jugo de Papelon con Limon.Thanks to the staff and Liliana for the service they gave us, and also for making us Venezuelans in Canada proud of our origins and food.
It is one of the best pastry shops I have ever been to.  The staff are friendly, the atmosphere is welcoming, and the cachitos are delicious!  I went to this place because of the reviews on Yelp, and I have to say it has lived up to its reputation.
Was walking around the area and found this...well worth it! Reasonable prices, and extremely filling! The cachitos are absolutely incredible.
Great place for am awesome quick breakfast.    The cachitos were great and include an amazing dip that you will learn to love.    Everything is warm and the workers are super friendly.    You really should try this place out.
Cachitos are delicious, and the owners have created a beautifully designed and immaculate space. I had the guava and cheese cachito, and it was a fantastic combination. If you're looking for something new and different for a light breakfast or lunch, this is a must-visit.
I can't vouch for Venezuelan authenticity, but these cachitos were delicious!  Think of freshly baked , warm from the oven bread stuffed with tasty combinations of ricotta and spinach, or ham, or salmon, or chicken.  All modestly priced at $3 each.  Everything, including desserts, are made onsite.
Out of this world desserts. We got a box of four gorgeous pastries as well as a canele and croissant. Everything was incredibly tasty and picture-perfect! A bit pricey, but worth it for the ingredients and the attention to detail in presentation. Lots of families enjoying brunch/lunch when we dropped in. That will have to wait for our next trip!
The Maison Christian Faure Pastry School is run by Chef Christian Faure Meilleurs Ouvriers de France, and is located in the Old Montreal area.  This place is an on-site bakery and snacking area in which the chef and his team offers a variety of classic and contemporary desserts.  In addition, there are also baking/pastry classes that you can sign-up and register for that's offered to the public.  I stopped by to check out their cake selections, and behind the glass casing, they were really pretty to look at.  I decided on a Framboisette, a little cake that was dusted with powdered sugar with a raspberry puree-covered dome made out of chocolate mousse, and encased with a decorative white chocolate.  There was even a small little white flower set to close this wrap-around 'case.'  I wasn't really much of a fan of the cake base, as it was dense and dry; the raspberry encased dome was much better, but it was more chocolate mousse-based, rather than the raspberries.  The little cafe area was bright and white, with plastic chairs and a minimal space for those who wanted to dine-in.  There are also sandwiches and lunch specials that you can order off the menu.  Service was friendly and quick, and you pay up at the bakery case after you're done.+pastry school that offers sandwiches, pastries, and desserts
3.5/5*Don't go for brunch, go for the pastries and dessert. *Brunch is overpriced or the portion isn't justifiable for the price. *The bakery compasses a baking school, workshops. *The chef is a MOF - Meilleur Ouvrier de France - meaning he has been tested at the highest level for his baking skills. *The shop is small and cute. Tables are a bit too close together, can get uncomfortable. *Don't come here and expect excellent service. -Lobster and Royal Crab served in a choux pastry - $18The choux pastry was so dry and chewy that I didn't finish it, thus I was quite disappointed to see that a French bakery would fail to make a choux pastry.. With that said, there were good chunks of lobster and crab meat, and the light mayonnaise didn't overpower the delicate seafood and still let their natural sweetness come through.-Brunch on the plank  - $20 it was such a small portion for $20. I didn't try the egg benedict since it was tiny - but friend said it was good, and the brioche was delicious and decadent. However I thought I could have gotten something more substantial with that price point.-Traditional mille-feuille - $6The name of mille-feuille translates into a "thousand sheets" - which refer to the layers of the puff pastry. All I have to say is that this mille-feuille was heavenly! Crisp, crunchy buttery layers of puff pastry that crackle when you bite into them. The slight glaze on the first layer of the pastry gave that hint of sweetness. Alternated with a velvety smooth pastry cream. The perfect combination and contrast between crunch and silky smooth. Buttery and sweet.-Chocolate eclair - $6The pastry was light and airy, filled with a rich and luscious chocolate cream. Seriously, is there anything better than the mildly sweet, rich, and chocolaty goodness of an eclair? If you are a dark chocolate lover, you will definitely enjoy this pastry. However for myself, I wished there was another flavor in the pastry cream to complement the rich chocolate.
Per Doctor Elsie W.'s review, we came here again. This past weekend might have been my third time in this place.I recommend the croissants with cream inside, along with the lemon tart, apple crumb cake, and cappuccino! If you're driving from New York City, try to make this your final stop before departing so you can bring lots of baked goods back!I saw a brunch menu, too, and I am looking forward to devouring everything when I come back again.Parking can get difficult on this block, so park around the corner by the public meters and just walk back. Walking sounds easy, but not in negative six degrees Fahrenheit before wind chill!
I am conflicted about this the rating of this review because the desserts and baked goods were delicious, but the service was just so deplorable that it ruined our experience here. And let me tell you that I was very much looking forward to the day that I would be in a patisserie of a MOF (Meilleur Ouvrier de France). Quiet day in Old Montreal and this place was one of the few open shops when we came. Sneak a peek downstairs and you can see croissants proofing. The entrance just smells wonderful. The displays are perfect and organized. All staff are bilingual. You can choose a table to sit at, and the staff comes with a tray of pastries and desserts with a description of each. This seemed like a nice service...however after placing our order, we requested water as our drink and the female staff rolled her eyes! While waiting for our order, a male staff comes with the same tray and asked what we wanted. I clearly said, "We already ordered." and he proceeds to question what I want and I was quite confused at this point. He wasn't nice about it either and kept pressing. Then the female staff notices what is happening and tells her co-worker in French that we have already ordered. Desserts are fairly priced and what you would typically expect for a higher end bakery/patisserie. Croissants were crispy on the outside, soft and had a nice distribultion of air bubbles on the inside. Flan was very smooth and not too sweet or eggy. The eclair Paris-Brest was absolutely amazing. The hazelnut cream, with the hazelnuts and choux pastry was heavenly. Treat yourself! The pastries get 6 stars. All in all, terrible service for such a nice establishment in a touristic area and it wasn't even busy that day. Such a shame because the pastries are amazing.
As someone who doesn't drink coffee, you may not be surprised I didn't like this place. They couldn't accommodate a request for a Chai Latte so I skipped straight to a glass of wine which I consider to be an acceptable swap-out. I grabbed a tasty citrus pastry but there were small choices that kept me from being able to take anything else on the menu (nuts in the brownies for example). Although my food and beverage were alright (considering $16+tax between the two), the service left too much to be desired.Our table was not cleared of dishes until (what I can only assume was) long after we were gone. My biggest beef? Two well-off women go to pay and get the all-star treatment, yet I was not offered so much as a "hello", "how was your ______" or any words for that matter, just told "23.80, by card?".Ex-effing-scuse me? You were so lazy and uncaring about the service you offered that you didn't even see if I wanted the bill to be split? ZERO service throughout the hour that we were there and I will certainly not be back. Apparently it's a great pastry school, so I would suggest you grab summer treats for TAKE OUT.
The pastries were delicious but not sure why my latte tasted super gamey. I asked the waitress if it was goat milk and she said it was cow milk. I tried really hard to drink it to not waste money but I just couldn't because it tasted so gross. Giving 4 stars because of the pastries and loved the ambiance.
If I die and go to pastry heaven this will be it. We shared the paris breast eclair and the passion fruit and raspberry tart. Both amazingly light yet memorable. I could sit here all day and eat everything they make.
After spending the majority of my Montreal trip in Le Plateau and other small surrounding hoods, I decided to venture into the more touristy area of Old Montreal to take in the sights. We started in the main downtown area walking along and decided to swing by Notre Dame on our way to the old port. In need of a coffee that wasn't from Starbucks we found this cafe.When we first walked in, there was a cluster of tourists jamming up the works. I don't know why but they were taking pictures of everything they could find and letting nobody through. This was a red flag, but we marched on. With the confusion it was tough to figure out if we were to go through the line or sit at a table. We found out we could sit but then it was almost ten minutes before anyone came to serve us. We could have just finished waiting in line at that point.Aside from the chaos on the way in, everything else was amazing. I had an amazing chocolate pot de creme and an americano. I would have stuck around for some macaroons, but everything was just taking too long and we needed to get moving. Pro Tip: The bathroom is up the elevator on the 4th floor.
Delicious pastries, especially the passion fruit raspberry tart. I really recommend it. Hot chocolate was the best I've ever had. Worth the money. Although, the service was not the best. Very slow service, took a very long time to bring the menu, then the choices, and instructions weren't so clear on the way we were supposed to pay. Usually, in restaurants, they bring the check to you but here, we had to get up to pay. We waited maybe 20 minutes for the check only to find out we had to go to the counter. In these kinds of situations, waiters should be more clear because we don't like wasting time.
I actually wanna give them 1 star for being so unbelievably good yet not being in my hometown atlanta. I guess that isn't fair so a 5 star is due for their out of this world culinary dessert marvels.I'm not a dessert fanatic but this place can give a diabetic reason to forgo their sugar intake check. I can hardly recommend anything. We literally tried 6 items and each was just unique and great in its own. The building houses two floors of pastry school right on top of this beautiful restaurant.To make it even sweeter the staff is just very humble. It's better to go in between meal times as it can get super busy. We went in accidentally after lunch and were seated right away. Of course deciding which dessert to order was probably more difficult than learning to fly a plane. But just to throw out some recommendations the chocolate almond croissant is probably the best I've ever had. Of course don't even think about leaving without trying their raspberry tart. Don't know how they made it but it's cold like sorbet in the center yet the tart shell and cream on top blends the whole dessert so beautifully. They have a wide variety of food items too but unfortunately we could only savor their desserts and coffees. So which ever restaurant you dine at just remember to skip dessert and rush to this sweet heaven.
Right near the Notre-Dame Basilica by the water is this cute and chic little pastry shoppe & cafe. We had the most delightful lunch here! The salmon sandwich is the best thing here -- comes with a poached egg and perfect smoked salmon with dill on a buttered (or mayoed?) bun. Their lobster & crab sandwich was good too, but I felt like the salmon was more satisfying. They show you a dessert tray for you to choose -- I chose a passion fruit & raspberry tart which was delicious. Also got a box of macarons to go! LOVED the lighting in this cafe and the simple decor. Huge ceiling-to-floor windows. Perfect for instagramming. Note: - Bathroom is on the 4th floor. - You pay at the front (even if you are dining in). - Macarons come in box of 6 or 12
Coffee was very very good, but the hazelnut pastry was the best ever. Service was great, we waited 15 min for a table but well worth the wait!!!
This is my favourite pastry shop in Montreal without doubt! Their hazelnut eclair is my favourite. I make sure I stop by at this pastry shop every time I'm in old Montreal. Also, they have pastry school! Maybe coming here with loved one to make a cake would be a super good idea!
Fanciful pastry shoppe: -ghost chairs strewn throughout-gorgeous sugar display pieces-illy coffee -packaged marshmallows and sweets -gelato in the case-the flakiest, lightest croissant ever, must order!!!Brunch specials in the AM.  Limited savory menu starts at 11am.  If you like almond croissants, get there early, they were sold out at 10am today.  Tidbits: skip the Madeline.  Dry.  Bathrooms on the 4th floor.  The maple pastry is the second least sweet pastry next to the plain croissant.
This is definitely of one the best patisseries in the city, which perhaps then makes it one of the best patisseries in North America! Everything that is produced here is both exquisitely beautiful and mouthwateringly tasty.Christian Faure is no ordinary pastry chef he is a MOF (Meilleur Ouvrier de France) which means that he has studied and been tested at the highest levels in the world for his pastry making abilities. I can't even begin to describe in a manner that would do it justice what it takes to earn the title of a MOF. Luckily, there is a terrific documentary on Netflix called Kings of Pastry which does a great job. after watching this film you will have an even greater level of appreciation of what goes into the pastries from Maison Christian Faure. We are lucky to have access to such wonderful works of art for our tummies.
We simply ordered the classic croissants, well, because we're always looking for the best classics.  Absolutely found them!  Large, beautiful golden color, crispy outside, buttery inside (but not slick), perfect with jam.All the pastries and cakes were works of art, clearly made by pros (our diet won't let us splurge but you should!)
If you want an authentic French pastry and Illy coffee, come here!!! This place is fantastic!!!The restaurant is owned by a chef who was named the best pastry chef in the world. You will soon find it why! I had the chocolate almond croissant. It was the best croissant I have ever had!My husband had the chocolate croissant and it was flaky, yummy, perfection.There is really not a bad thing in this place!
The best pastries I've ever had in my life. They bring out a full tray of perfectly sized pastries from which you can choose from, ranging from fruity to chocolatey. The environment is very small but beautiful. There is a colorful classic mural on the entrance, the service is impeccable, and the taste of the pastries are complex. The tea, coffee, and the iced tea are amazing as well, served in illy ceramic cups and detailed glasses respectively. Great experience.
Cute place for brunch or a treat from the bakery -- You get into line and as you get closer to the cashier, you'll be asked if you're eating in. If take out, you stay in line. If eating in, the server will clear a table for you and bring you menus with the sandwich/salad options (not sure if you can order those items for take out, or only the pastries/bakery items). Our food:Brunch on the Plank: orange juice, croissant, eggs benedict on a choux pastry with smoked salmon, brioche "nanterre" with caramel sauce, mini fruit cup. The OJ was wonderful, definitely freshly squeezed. I didn't try the eggs benedict since the portion was so small - he said it was good, though the hollandaise sauce was different than the norm. The caramel sauce for the brioche was delicious and decadent. Fruit cup was mostly pineapple and melon.Crab/lobster salad on a choux pastry: amazing presentation and decent chunks of lobster meat evident, but the choux pastry itself didn't taste fresh. The croissant from the brunch on the plank was delicious enough that we ordered another - note that they are more soft/flaky than crispy.Lemonade: too tart for meTotal was $42 with taxes, before tip.
It is the best backery I've ever been! It has a great location in Old Montreal. Elegant French interior and friendly service. I got Eggs Benedict with salmon. it is he food of Kings, so tender and light with foam of bitten egg whites. .. omg. Almond croissant was undeliverable too. Very nice place for all ages.
Quite simply the best pastry shop I've ever been to.  It fulfills everything you imagine a pastry shop to be - the parts that should be crisp are crisp, the parts that are smooth are smooth and the parts that are fruity burst with flavor.  Perfect execution across the board, friendly service and a must-stop.  Montreal, or any city really, would do well to encourage more places like this to exist.
Not sure if I need to review this place since it's so popular already, but it's just that good that I feel the need to share how much I love about Maison CF.  Everything here from the beautiful and delicate desserts to the savoury items are all prepared with love and dedication.  Just because it's a salad, doesn't mean it shouldn't be pretty.  And not only the presentation is beyond perfect, the food itself is also amazing.  I usually don't go there for the desserts (I know, silly me), but I go there for the brunch/lunch and pastries.  The $20 brunch menu was worth every penny...with choice of any drink, pastry, a Benedict of your choice (ham or salmon) with the fresh toast on the side, fruit salad and caramel sauce.  TWe also went there on Christmas day for the special Christmas brunch. The salmon and beef baked in puff pastry were both divine, so was the potato gratin on the side and the green beans. The normal lunch menu... the lobster and crab puff pastry thing was beautiful, although I am not a big fan of their puff pastry itself, it seems dried and hard to eat, but the dish was pretty and still would order it just so I can take another picture :)  The club sandwich was the best I've ever had.  The execution from the perfectly toasted bread to everything inside was amazing.  They ran out of turkey that day, so I was lucky enough to substitute to the roast beef. It's not your regular deli roast beef thin slices...it's like prime rib slices and to die for.  Best sandwich I've ever had, even the potato chips on the side.  The execution of all the dishes were carefully thought of and they've done it beautifully.  The place is small, can be overwhelming at times if you're waiting for a table, not a lot of space to stand around while you have a bunch of people coming in to buy pastries/desserts to go.  But all the staff are friendly and even though it's a big tourist trap... I am happily to be trapped inside.  It's just too good.  And it's also great to see Monsieur Christian there most of the time either at the kitchen or talking to people at the counter.  Also a very nice man to take picture with!  Great job.
Stop whatever you are doing and come to this place right now. The food, the ambiance, the service was everything and more. Our food was not only delicious, but it's presentation was out of this world. Our waiter was the sweetest thing, always making sure we had everything we needed. We asked to meet with the chef and boy was he one of my favorite humans. He was selfless and humble about the work he does and even introduced us to the marketing director who took us on a tour of the small but ever so delightful school upstairs. I love them and we plan are going back for brunch. GO HERE NOW!
Hidden gem in old montreal, walking into this pastry joint was simply mouth-watering as you see the sweets on display that looked delicious, savory and colourful. The decor was very elegant and French. Felt very cozy and comfortable.Once seated, they bring you a plate of all their sweets for you to choose - all looking very delicious. My favourite was the hazelnut eclair -- tasted like a mouth full of Ferro Roche.
One of the best desert places. I had a chocolate cake dessert. It had a heavenly taste. It seems like it was so carefully crafted. I almost closed my eyes while having the cake because it was that good. The coffee though is nothing special.
A friend once brought me as a date to an arts and culture event, where I mentioned that it was too bad there was no macaroons on the dessert table. The following week, he introduced me to Maison Christian Faure.Good : The place bright, clean and you can tell that it has quality pastries. They had a variety of macaroon flavors, and lots of delicious viennoiseries and confiseries ! It is a great place to stop for desserts and tea or to catch up with friends or even on a date since it's not to loud inside. And best believe it, the macaroons are amazing and has since raised the bar. It's a interesting mix of cafe and pastry school and shop all in oneBad : The prices are a bit steep, but what can you expect from a renown pastry chef? Bottom Line: I will definitely be returning to this lovely spot if I am in the mood to spoil myself.
I'm not sure if it is because I came here an hour before they close, or their service is just terrible all the time. The guy did not bother explaining any of their desserts (even after I asked what each one was), as they seem to be more concerned with closing the place on time than selling the rest of their desserts. We chose one of the pistachio cakes and a mango gelato from the fridge. I have no idea what was in the pistachio cake since the guy didn't bother to tell me at all... if that wasn't bad enough, they didn't have any plastic knifes or folks. It took asking 3 different staff members and 5 good minutes of waiting around for them to get a couple of folks. ** oh and there are seating areas but apparently they won't let you sit there an hour before they close since they close that area first. As for the actual desserts, they were alright. The cake was mediocre at best and the gelato was way too sweet. Maybe I didn't try the right desserts, but will not be returning.
Food 5/5 decor 3/5 staff&service 3/5Great decor, had the chocolate croissant and the chocolatine, they were soooo good and fresh. Definetly intend on going there for brunch!!
Maison Christian Faure is, simply put, a gem!Located in the beautiful Old Town of Montreal across the street from the excellent Archaeological Museum this little pattiserie packs a huge punch! The restaurant/shop is very hip and stylish with a modern, bright atmosphere.  Apparently there is a baking school above the restaurant, with the production shop/kitchen downstairs.Every baked item we had here over two visits was amazing! I did the plain croissant twice because it may be the best that I have ever had, anywhere!  The first lunch I had here I enjoyed a lobster and crab salad in choux pastry...delicious! We did brunch here on our last day in Montreal (Saturday) and had the "benedict" - they offered either ham or smoked salmon.  Both were in choux pastry with a light foam on top in lieu of the normal hollandaise sauce (I had the ham and my wife had the salmon).  They were both a wonderful, light riff on the traditional beloved benedict!The joint also serves Illy coffee, which is generally a plus...they did great with cappucinos and with longhe espressos.The only gripe I have with the place was the service was a bit haphazard.  They would be very attentive, but then would just forget about you once the food was brought out...no more water refills, no checking to see if you wanted anything else, etc.  So, go for the food and live with the service...it isn't bad service, just less attentive than I would really like.On the whole though, I whole-heartedly recommend Maison Christian Faure to anyone looking for a good breakfast / lunch place in Montreal...we spent two meals on our foodie honeymoon in Quebec there, so I promise you that it is legit!
Really good and beautiful macarons and pastries, just ok coffee and food.
A little pricey but really great food. I had the lunch combo to include the meat pie, an eclair and a fantastic cup of coffee. My wife had the soufflé and a lemon tart that was also quite delicious.  Would go out of the way to pick up some baked goods next time.
Had brunch at this place and it was really great! Although there isn't a lot of choice for food, both meals we had were amazing and the presentation was really great!
I was briefly visiting Montreal and decided that a trip to a pastry shop was in order. This is a small spot, but it's easy to find and there are a lot of options. I popped in there 30 minutes before it closed and it was pretty much empty. The young woman working there was very helpful whenever I asked her what some of the desserts were. I ended up choosing 3 different desserts and a couple of macarons, I paid around $25 for that. I got all of those to go, and they provided a nice to go box for me to carry my goods. Every single thing that I got was delicious! The macarons were heavenly, I regretted not getting more of them. Overall if you have a sweet tooth and enjoy tasty treats you won't be disappointed!
Pros: Variety of delicious French pastries, Nice interior, Authentic Cons: Most of it is gone at the end of the day (obviously), -Ambiance- Located away from the main action in Old Port , it offers a nice breather from all those tourists. Very nice shop that gives you that clean&fresh feeling; the decor and the pastries together sets you up for a pleasant visit. Everything behind glass is usually good and this was no exception. The service is kind and attentive but also relax in a sense where they don't annoy you constantly while you're stuffing your face. For pastries and drinks prices range from 3-13$. For real food it would be more (but why would you even?). -Food- Pot de Fleur de Sel Caramel : Salted caramel mousse on top of a chocolate brownie/cake? inside a cute glass pot. For me it was a different taste than what I was used to: more authentic than previous salted caramel treats that I've tried. It was not very sweet and the brownie added texture and more flavours to the whole dessert.  It ended up being one of my favourites. Strawberry Cake: The tartness of the strawberry balanced out the sweetness of the other components creating a solid, delicious piece of cake. Pistachio cake with fruits: For me it was like a pistachio cake with fruit cake on top that worked WELL together. It was light and pleasant. Lemon Meringue : It was  too sweet for my tastes as there was a layer of white chocolate under the filling. Good surprise for some but not for me, as I am adamant about my dislike for white chocolate. In this case, I dealt with it because I had tea and it did cut the acidity of the lemon filing.  The pastry was a bit hard for spoon handling, but we all have fingers- suck it up. -Overall- A nice place to stop and relax in the Old Port to enjoy a coffee or tea accompanied by pretty&tasty desserts. Not mind-blowing but a must go!
Ditto to what Bryant N said...just go! Went here for a lunch work. What a cute little patissirie which also offers light lunch as well. The decor is all white against a cement statement wall which adds that extra je ne said quoi to the already fancy decor.Your eyes will be hungry as soon as you walk in the door; gorgeous pastries all made in house (Chef Christian was there and happily obliging to photos with his fans :); I opted for Lobster and Crab puff pastry sandwich (it sounds much more fancy en Francais but I can't remember the name). Amazing. Whole lobster claw and crab meat in what seemed like a round croissant.Even if you don't save some room for dessert you will make room once you see the dessert tray....sensory overload! I ordered a coffee crumble cake with lemon mousse and meringue. Totally worth the workout that came afterwards. Merci beaucoup, Chef Christian!
soooooooo good. I tried several different ones, tarts, eclairs. They are all delicate.
My family and I came here on our last morning in Montreal and I am so glad we did. The cafe is incredibly adorable inside; very bright and welcoming. They serve incredible pastries for the morning: croissants, chocolate croissants, croissants with chocolate on the outside, almond croissants, along with an array of others. Each one was better than the next, and believe I know because we had to try them all! The coffee was quite good as well. My husband ordered hot chocolate and it was some of the best i've ever had. It was rich in flavor, creamy, thick, and delicious. I absolutely loved this place. They had an array of delectable looking desserts as well. I wish I had found it earlier in the trip so we could have gotten some of those too!
When we walked it, I said, "Is this the place?" And someone walking out said, "This is the place."It was DEFINITELY THE PLACE!Lunch: Quinoa salad and the beef sandwich. The beef sandwich was very good, but there are probably better things. The quinoa was EXCELLENT! Dessert: We had an enclair, which was good, but not the best ever. Then we had some white chocolate, lemon, crunchy thing with two sticks on top -- that was EXCELLENT! We also took home croissants and an elephant ear for breakfast the next morning.Coffee: This was excellent as well, but I didn't realize it was $4 a cup. Over all our bill was $85 (including the tip), which is a little high for lunch, but we did have some take home goodies.
Best croissant ever had!! Nice decoration inside and various kinds of pastries provided~ Canele I had that day seemed baked not very well but another unknown dessert (called tigre? I don't know french, sorry) was divine!! Felt pity that I haven't try their Napoleon and macaroon.
This" Magic Christian "Faure puts out some of the mostelegant and artfully crafted patisserie to be foundanywhere on the planet. He does it in his own Maisonthat is both sophisticated and unpretentious. So if you would like to experience fine dining in a pretty and cool bakery cafe setting this is the place to go.Our lunch here was fun, flavorful,and filling.We ordered the plat du jour special which includes  cafe and your choice of one of the marvelous looking and tasting pastries. We chose the smoked salmonClub sandwich which was served triple decker on thick slices of toasted Maison baked white bread, crusts removed. The smoked salmon layer was slathered in Christian's Mayonaise Maison and the upper layersurprised with a lightly fried egg ,lettuce and tomato.The sammich was accompanied by nicely done house potato chips and a small but tasty salad.For the pastry course our server came by with a tray of these most beautiful choices. It doesn't matter which One you choose. Your not going to find better.Chocolate hazelnut ganache..boom. Mille-Feuilles ;this is how we do!  BTW Christian Faure runs a pastryMaking school on the premises.So if you want the quality of having a lunch in a top French hotel restaurant or in a Boulud type place with out the stuffiness or the great expense this is it.It can get busy and service a little spotty but understandable given the attention to detail paid to the offerings here.
Maison Christian Faure was recommended to us by the Omni concierge. He said it was a classical french pastry shop with an atelier on the second floor -- obviously, we had to check it out.The Illy coffee we had here was the best I had in my entire trip. The croissant was quite good, but I'm more used to a crusty croissant with a soft interior. This croissant was soft everywhere. Additionally, I ordered the quinoa salad; it was tasty and the vegetables were very fresh, but it was overly sweet.This place is a very cute place to hang out and get a pastry and some coffee, but I wouldn't order a meal here again.
The restaurant looks promising when you walk in - the decor is fresh and the pastries smell good. I got the "brunch on a plank" and was really not impressed. It came with french toast that was not even warm and the eggs benedict came on a dry flavourless puff pastry instead of the standard english muffin. The eggs were also served with some sort of bechemel foam - moving away from the traditional creamy sauce but probably not with good reason. The saving grace of the dish was the fresh fruit and caramel sauce that came with it. I had been here before and was quite happy with what I had ordered by the brunch the second time was really average. Maybe it was an off day with the kitchen the second time I went in. Maybe I'll give them a 3rd shot - the seating in charming and it's in a lovely part of the city. Not sure yet though!
Quick summary: Just go .. Its that goodI was in a mood for some pastry and had happen to stumble into here. It was so good that my wife order two boxes full of dessert for my family. And then on my final day in Montreal we order additional pastries for travel. We are now actively looking for a place comparable to this place in our local area. It is one of those places that makes you realize how some desserts can be delectable and why some people specialize in just making these desserts.  Enough reading and start walking to this place.
It says the coffee is ILLY. I feel It's not as good as these in ILLY store. For desserts, I like the pot caramel fleur de sel. Taste really good and not that sweet. The tarte passion framboise is too sweet for me and the pastry cup is not crispy enough.
Absolutely incredible French pastries and desserts. They look like edible works of art. Very beautiful cafe and friendly service. It's a little pricey but well worth it. Treat yourself and go here!
Wonderful lunch place!! Highly recommend the traditional chicken club sandwich - comes with a generous side of chips. It was the best cold sandwich I've ever had.  The macarons are delicious as well.  I got mango-passion fruit, salted caramel, and praline - all were delicious.Service was friendly, and there was a slight lunchtime wait (because the restaurant's seating area is so small), but the staff turned tables over pretty quickly.  The staff here truly pay attention to detail and are so meticulous and careful in the arrangement of their pastry case.  I wish I got extra pastries and macarons to go!
Very good palace to have cup cake macaroon jilato and lionodas chocolaté(belgiem)Try inside metro lounguiel
Delicious and the staff was so friendly! Great place to get a cafe and something sweet after a long day of discovering the city!
While on a family trip through Old Montreal, my aunt, a long-time resident in Quebec, steered my family and I toward this cute little French patisserie tucked away nearby a number of tourist staples and local bars. As a huge fan of French pastries, I guess you could say I was more than thrilled to rest my weary feet and enjoy a nice cafe au lait.The atmosphere of the cafe is modern-day yet traditional: the entrance features a colorful mural and the interior with its exposed brick wall, was accented with white decor and metal tables. Our server brought us that afternoon's available treats on a large silver platter, of which we chose to sample the eclairs, a chocolate mousse cake, and a white chocolate and pistachio cake. I also decided to sample a cappuccino (though to be fair, I really just wanted to see what art they'd put on top, which ended up actually being a little disappointing).The cappuccino was the perfect balance of bitter and sweet; overall, it was a good balance of the robust coffee flavor and wasn't too cloying. All of our sweets, were, however, a bit sweeter than I traditionally prefer. However, they were all executed incredibly well and had great textures and flavors, nothing short of what I expected from a restaurant owned by the best pastry chef in the world.We picked up a number of croissants for road, which turned out to be incredibly flaky, buttery, and still were fantastic (not even soggy, yes!) a few days later. It was certainly one of this pastry shop's most redeeming treats.Overall, Maison Christian Faure certainly met my expectations. While I may not have the biggest sweet tooth, I hope to return someday to take one of its many cooking and baking classes to make my own renditions of their famous treats.
There's not much I can say that hasn't been said here already.  Found this place through Yelp and visited.  Was everything that I hoped for.   I've been a few times now and when I go to Montreal, I try to return.  If there's one thing I think that would improve this place, it would be the service.  It seems a bit unorganized and occasionally somewhat slow, but the pastry is worth any downside on service.
I have only gotten pastries for take out but they never disappoint! Everything is so good and definitely some of the best classic French pastries in the city!
Definitely a place to visit in Montreal. Casual atmosphere. A little bit on the pricey side, but the food is worth the money.
Amazing! Service was outstanding. Pastry was perfect - we had the almond croissants and macaroons. Coffee was also very good. Cafe is small but comfortable with great light. Nicely located in old Montreal and a great place to stop for breakfast, lunch or snack. Will definitely make this a planned stop next time I am in town.
Quaint bakery/restaurant in Old Montreal. My wife and I shared the Club sandwich, and it was good. My wife had a chocolate croissant, and I had the Brioche topped with crystallized sugar with a side of jam. You could see the Chef (Faure) teaching one of the students in the back and helping prepare some of the items being sent out. Their desserts look spectacular and so meticulously well prepared.
Walked in. No one acknowledged us, asked for a table (in English) - lady looked at me and walked away. Got ignored for another 5 minutes, walked out...
Delicious chocolate croissant and passion tart.  Very nice breakfast spot. Lots of pastries, desserts and coffee to pick from.
This place is pretty awesome, a bit expensive but worth it. Accidentally spent $50 by ordering 2 of every flavor of macaroon haha but well worth it.
On our last morning in Montreal, we were directed to this fantastic bakery.The space is beautiful; the food is fantastic; and the service is...friendly enough. If they lacked in any category at all, I'd say we didn't feel exceptionally welcome. Maybe that was because we came after the morning rush, and were sort of asking to be an afterthought.The royal breakfast was very tasty, though I think we'd been hoping for them to have something a bit more fortifying. If you're looking for sweet, though, this is it.I have to say, I was a bit rude. Though I'm usually more conscious of such things,  I murmured to my wife on the way out that $7 (USD) for a small bag of marshmallows seemed a bit much. I should have waited 10 more seconds until we were outside. Apparently, one of the staff overheard me, and (probably a bit offended) reminded us that they were homemade. I wasn't talking to you, but, you're right. They are homemade. And they were delicious. They barely made it back to Boston. Touche.
We had an event here, the place has a shop on the ground level, a school on 2 and 3, finally floor 4 is used for events. The event space is not what I'd call "nice", and the service was quite slow. The coffee wasn't very good for the event. The French pastries however were absolutely amazing, probably the best I have had outside of France.
Only managed to get a passion fruit raspberry tart there and it was so yummy!!  Beautifully presented,  betters crust with well balanced tartness of passion fruit mousse on top of sweet raspberry filling.  Got there too late for the almond croissant that other people raved about.  Definitely will come back again if I am in Montreal.
Charming French bakery in Old Montreal. Beautiful arrangement of pastries. The croissant was a bit too sweet and overcooked for my liking. However, the desert fruit/ citrus tarte was incredible. Kind of pricey, but the quality of the desert stuff is very good. Good service.
If there is one thing the French can do well is cook and certainly the French excel in baking.  After yelping around for a good place to pick up a pastry and a coffee, I found Maison Christian Faure.  With the credentials of this place, I had pretty high expectations.  We walked in shortly after they had opened and the poor girl was running the place by herself.  She was trying to prep for the day, lay out the pastries, and serve a number of guests already seated.  Besides the bumpy start, the pastries here could be smelt a few blocks away, and they looked even more beautiful.  I ordered an almond croissant and it was.....easily one of the best almond croissants I've had.  Their madeline cookie that came with our coffee was equally delicious.All the baking is done on premises (upstairs) and this is also a baking school.  If you're visiting Old Montreal, you NEED to come here and try some of their baked goods.  The only regret I had was not ordering more items, next time, there's always next time.
LOVE!!!I make sure to stop here when I'm in Montreal. Love their club sandwich and make sure to take some pastries to go. The service is a wee bit slow when you're seated to eat-in but that doesn't take away from the amazing, fresh food they have. Love this place. I am a big fan.
Best Lemon meringue of my life, quiche is divine. This is the best desert place I have experienced, PERIOD!
Stopped by here twice -- first during a food tour of the city and snatched up a dozen of their macaroons which were juicer than normal ones I've had. They came in at least a dozen flavors and I got one of eachCame back later for an early dinner and while I was starving their menu was misleading since they only had one menu item to select from. I take a star for that since why do you even offer me a menu then...?Their dish was a bagel topped with lox and an egg prepared beautifully. On the side was fresh fruit, French toast and a container of salted caramel to dip it in. Also included a bakery item where we picked a chocolate croissant that was perfect baked!
This is definitely a destination you must visit in Montreal, we tried a little bit of everything and it was all amazing! My favorite was the macarons (in TONS of awesome colors and flavors), and the Chocolate Almond Croissant. We also took a bag of homemade marshmallows to go, which were very very good. The maple ones we got were a tad too sweet for my taste, so i'd probably just get the vanilla if i got more. Cant wait to be back in montreal so we can go here again!
Loved it , service was very friendly, they come to ask if everything is satisfying your need or not. And the food were delicious. Had the lemon meringue while my friend had the fruit tart (stole some of her portion). They were fresh since they were just made, flavor was very rich and smooth. Would come again to try other desserts.
I really enjoyed this place . It looked almost closedThey have a pastry school upstairs YOU WILL LOVE IT
This patisserie was delicious with fresh OJ and nice croissants and Madeleine with jam. The apple turnover was very soft and crunchy but the Madeleine was a bit hard.. The raspberry tart was quite good but very sweet, a nice morning in a beautiful place though!
If you are ever lost, make sure it is in Old Montreal, on a warm winter's day on the way to this pastry shop. As we walked past beautiful shops and unique restaurants, we definitely built up an appetite for the tasty, well-baked offerings at this wonderful shop. Mid-afternoon, the elegant shop was full of friends catching up with each other, couples having a leisurely lunch, and tourists taking a well-deserved pause in their wanderings. I loved the large window overlooking the area, the fairly large tables, and transparent acrylic chairs. On each table, a colorful bird perched on a small silver tree - cute! While we waited for the pastry tray, I scoped out a beautiful smoked salmon salad and a delicious-looking lobster salad sandwich (on a brioche bun). We will need to better plan our meals next time around - both of us were just in the mood for dessert today. Given that we burned off a ton of calories while we were lost, we both got two desserts! At least that's the story that we're sticking to.There were several interesting offerings: a Paris-Brest éclair with hazelnut cream; a wedge of flan, and a passion fruit/raspberry tarte. I went with both the mille-feuille and the canelé. The latter was okay: the crust was leathery as opposed to crusty while the interior was much better - a cross between custard and cake with a holely crumb. There was also definitely the heavenly fragrance of vanilla and rum.The mille-feuille was outstanding. The pastry was buttery and flaky, as it should be but rarely is, almost as if the pastry chef piped the pastry cream just upon ordering. I enjoyed every forkful of this wonderful dessert. I also got to sample the caramel fleur de sel pudding. It was subtly sweet and flavorful.The shop also sells quiches from their refrigerated case, as well as terrines and glacés. Shoppers can also find a selection of French macarons, jams, biscuits, marshmallows, and organic teas available for sale.
Mother of God...what can I say...best desserts I've ever had. The club sandwich was delightful as well.
Located just across from the Pointe-à-Callière Museum, it's a convenient spot to rest your feet or warm up during the winter while exploring Old Montreal. The pastries aren't too bad either.The main upper level is the cafe while the pastry school is on the lower level. As you enter, you'll be greeted walls of colorful tea tins and macaron models next to a large counter. The dining space is bright and clean, with minimalist furniture (wooden tables with metal tops, transparent plastic chairs) against a mosaic wall of slate-colored stones.We ordered the mille feuille (LOVED the cream), passion fruit tart with raspberries, apple galette, and something with nutella -- all were absolutely lovely! The illy coffees were nothing special, but good enough to pair with our desserts and help regain warmth in our fingers.Overall, it's a solid spot with decent pastries and passable coffee, and you won't regret stopping here! Heard they also serve brunch as well!Notes:- Credit cards are accepted!
Mmmmmm excellent dessertsWe were there at a nice Montreal evening by their closing time. We were the last two persons there and as I find it so calm I decided to fine myself by not have any of the desserts. I just wanted a live ambience that I can sit, relax and enjoy our time. I was heading out when I decided to go to washroom. So asked the lady behind the counter and although it was their closing time she kindly told me to take the elevator to level 4 and i'll find washrooms on my right. I just figured out that the place is not just a french patisserie but also a pastry school, when I was in the elevator reading floors names. So I decided to grab a bite on my way back to the car and relax in the car as oppose to any place which is open and omg I had the nicest eclair in my life. A hazelnut eclair a taste of the heaven. For Sure when ever I'll back in Montreal this place is a must visit before 7 p.m.Thanks to the amazing team of pastry chefs
We really enjoyed our brunch here.  The pastries were excellent, the coffee was nice, and the atmosphere was pleasant.
Best pastry shop in the old Montreal stretch. Small intimate setting is good for a breakfast coffee date with your honey. Almond croissants and the brioches we're my favorites.  Other sweet treats are perfect for gifts. Didn't get a chance to try everything. Their hand crafted mashmellows were simply heavenly. Raspberry marshmallows. Delicious and light.
Absolutely amazing! There has never been a better place to sit and eat true French viennoiserie!  The almond croissant is phenomenal and the chocolatine devine!  A real find in the heart if Old Montreal.
This is one of the best patisseries I have ever seen. I could eat here every morning and have the best of everything. Staff is great and facilities clean and lighted. A must see to believe and taste.
Amazing pastries! Went here on a Sunday and had their brunch special along with some desserts. Eggs Benedict was well cooked and the French toast was delicious even without the syrup.Definitely try their eclairs. Very well done.
Really excellent brunch/lunch/desserts and coffee/tea. Service is also really friendly and fun. Lots and lots of great options. Easy to carry packaging if you're ordering to go. The place opened in 2013, and we've been returning every year when we visit Montreal. Highly recommended!!!
The pastries are out of this world good and have a very simple yet creative brunch menu. Nicely designed and located on a quiet street in Old Montreal.
Outstanding lunch options with solid pastriesAmbience/Service:  This restaurant is adorable, with a trendy, modern display case of beautiful macarons and pastries as you enter and a small area for seating next to an old stone wall and sun pouring through the front windows.  Everyone in the store was extremely helpful and service was outstanding.Food:  We originally came for the pastries but ended up being intrigued by their lunch options.  I'm vegetarian and got the fresh goat cheese and beet puff pastry.  My girlfriend got a seared scallop puff pastry.  These took a bit of time to prepare but our lovely waitress told us so and said they were going to bring us an amuse bouche to tie us over, which was a house-made pate (a pretty popular dish in Montreal) with a small amount of pie(?) crust on its outside.  My girlfriend really enjoyed it.  As we waited, I saw what seemed to be a gorgeous macaron plate being assembled back in the kitchen.  I distinctly told my girlfriend - man, I wish I was getting that plate.  It turns out it was my goat cheese and beet puff pastry with a savory macaron in it.  It was arguably the most beautiful plate of food I've had in my life.  It tasted just as good as it looked.  Subtle goat cheese.  Perfectly roasted beets.  Perfectly cooked puff pastry.  Asparagus, dill.  Just beautifully balanced.  My girlfriend said her scallops were seared to perfection, seasoned well, and was delicious as well.  We also got a Paris-Brest eclair and another pastry recommended by our waitress (a vanilla/rum baked good, don't remember the name).  It was well executed but far too strong a taste for me.  Cappucino and latte rounded out the meal.  It was not cheap but it was absolutely worth it.*UPDATE: we came back (I couldn't resist) and got a lemon tart and an almond croissant.  I'm surprised to say that we didn't really enjoy the pastries. The almond croissant had a similarly alcoholic flavor to it which I did not want in the morning.  The lemon tart was a touch too lemon-y.  I still think this place is 5 stars for the lunch options.Overall:  I wanted to come back to this restaurant every morning but resisted the urge to try other places.  I think I would have enjoyed eating here every day we were in Montreal.  DO NOT pass up this place when in Montreal.
The food is good but I had a bad experience. I wanted an almond croissant. They were out so I ordered a plain. I got one (to go) and was mistakingly charged for two. I returned the next afternoon to point out the error. The manager was quick to offer a refund. I explained I would rather try their almond croissant and pay any additional charge. However they were all out. I said I would return the next morning. When I did they were all out of almond croissants even though it was just a few minutes after 10:00. Three times I tried and three times they were sold out before 10:00. Why not make more? They offered to refund the mistaken charge (2.50) but I said I'd take a plain croissant instead. Three trips to the shop and I didn't get to try an almond croissant. I am grateful that they made up for their mistake at the cash register. My rating reflects my experience, not their food, which is better than the rating
Amazing, amazing, amazing.  We visited today and had  couplr macaroons(2.5 each), chocolate croissant, and a fancy pastry ($6, maybe caramel?). We did sit inside, but you can take ut to go also. On the 3rd floor you will find students making these delicious treats. So good!
Being a macaron snob and this is probably the only time I will ever use the word snob when it comes to food, I definitely have my favorites and have traveled wide and far (ok, fine -- furthest is LA) to seek out the best. So I like to say I have some experience when knowing which macaron place has the best. So far, Toute de Sweet near me in Bethesda and Laduree have been on the top for me. I like to compare this place a bit like Laduree but on a smaller scale. When walking in, it definitely had that Parisian cutesy decor and all the patisseries were too cute. However, the macaron selections did look a bit lacking and we only had a few to choose from. I grabbed a box of 15 and hit the road for our long drive back to MD. I didn't try these until later that night and although they were good, it lacked that chewy factor.  But, the next day, I tried them again and the chewy factor came into play, which reminded me of Laduree a bit. Macarons done right should be eaten within few days in the fridge because the shell will crack when bitten into. You can also let it thaw a bit from the cold before eating, but really, who has time for that. This place was pretty pricey considering the lack of selections so I definitely would prefer Laduree over this place. But hey, if you're in old Montreal, feel free to stop by and give it a try. Had we known that this place served food as well, we would've loved to try it for brunch.
Terrific option for brunch, and an outstanding source for French pastry. There's a counter in front, loaded with every sweet treat of your dreams, plus a grab-and-go case filled with sandwiches, drinks, fruit, etc. The seating area was filled with tourists, but plenty of locals wandered in for a to-go croissant and coffee.Brunch is a casual affair, but both the quality and service are perfect, which is surprising for the most maligned meal of the week. Our waiter, in particular, was a model of good humor and professionalism. [Of course, we had to return for a dozen macarons on our way to the airport. Forget the T-shirts; THIS is the souvenir your friends are waiting for.]The chic interior is sophisticated but relaxed. There are stairs leading up from the street, so if you have a stroller or mobility issues, please take this into account.
The smell in this place is like heaven.  Someone should really bottled the smell of fresh pastries up and sell it as a air freshener.  I will be the first in line for that. The chocolate croissant here was the best i ever had.  Hard to describe but it was so much better than the one at Pillards in Quebec.   Another good item was the raspberry tart.  Very tangy but so good.  A little disappointed in the eclair.  People were saying on Yelp that it was a must try.  After taking several bites, it was nothing to really get excited about. They had lots of macaroons but they are not my thing.  So didn't really try it. Price wise, all French pastry seems to have prices very consistent.  They tend to be higher than most non French ones and this place was no exception. Will i come back... yes.  There were so many more items i wanted to try but was just too full to do it.
This place located in the heart of Old Montreal and right by the water. Very limited seating, however they turn the table in timely manner.They do have good pastries and decent coffee. They use illy for their beans.It's a good place for lunch and late afternoon tea/coffee time with desserts.
Excellent bakery and had THE most amazing quiche for lunch. The chocolate croissant and almond chocolate croissants were the best we had in the city. The cappuccino was very good also. We went on a Sunday around 11:30 and there was a pretty big line to get a table. It was a little confusing to know whether the line was for a table or take-out. It appeared to be for both, which was odd if you just wanted to get something to go. We wanted to sit, so it didn't impact us, but for people just wanting take-out, it might have been frustrating to have to stand in line so long. The service was friendly, although a bit slow as they only had what appeared to be one waiter for the whole area, with one other helping him out. But, if you have a few hours to spare and you want deliciously fresh food, don't miss this place.
best pastry chef in mtl we are lucky he decided to make this institution here in mtl and teach ppl about real pastry making for quebecers i always go back for the passion fruit tart TO DIE FOR
let's get this out of the way, if you're looking for coffee, don't bother. disappointing is mildly putting it and with the asking price, it's highway robbery considering its priced like 3rd wave coffee! my cappuccino had no flavor whatsoever and was quite cold/lukewarm.now, if you're looking for sweets, you're definitely in the right place. it's good, it's pretty, a bit pricey but it's worth to treat yourself here and there or to entertain people over.i have a soft spot for cannelé and éclairs. when they have those, that's what i'm always getting.the cannelé is crisp, a bit chewy and quite hard on the outside but soft and moist with a certain sweetness to it when you tear into it. that's really good stuff. while i like them fresh off the oven. cold is still pretty good.as for the éclair, i had a choice between chocolate or coffee. they were out of their famous paris brest éclair so i settled with chocolate since i got a cup of coffee, making a mocha flavor out of it was the obvious thing to do. the dark chocolate topping was lovely while the chocolate cream filling was on the sweeter side very reminiscent of milk chocolate ganache. it was good but could have been better if it was all dark chocolate. as for the choux pastry: golden brown, light, chewy. tender and oh so good.while what i got was pretty good, the coffee left a bad taste in my mouth and made the experience not what it's supposed to be.if you forego coffee, its a solid experience. if you take into account the coffee, it becomes so-so
This place serves delicious food! The almond croissant is to die for! I also had the eggs benedict brunch option which was great! The wait staff is friendly and speedy. I highly recommend this place! It is close to old town and the river which is also nice.
If there was a way to bottle sumptuous and opulent French patisserie, a down-to-earth and unpretentious cafe with a Parisian-like atmosphere, and a pastry-cooking school for the amateurs to the more serious, then Maison Christian Faure has made this dream possible in the elegant multi-floor temple of wordly treats located right in the historical heart of old Montreal.My pilgrimage started on a lazy Saturday morning with a frothy cafe au lait with the difficult task of choosing between the different types of exquisite viennoiseries including buttery croissants, different types of jams, dozens of fancy brioches, golden mini-madeleines, pain au chocolats and so many more. Thank goodness the lovely host, Chloé, was there to help me.The journey then continued with a (take out) sampling of perfectly executed pralined Paris Brest Eclairs (my favorite), decadent Milles-Feuilles, a classic Opera, and the colorful Raspberry and Passion Fruit Tartelette. There were so many other more to chose from but I had to show some restraint as quality does come with a price... no worries, I will certainly return with friends!In a culture where it is getting tougher to find the time to pause, take a seat, to  reconnect with each and other -- children, parents, friends, neighbors and ultimately ourselves, I strongly recommend you to take a break and treat yourself. This seems to just that perfect chic place for conversation, and escape from daily routines -you'll feel both fanciful and folksy all at the same time.
Great quality brunch. Albeit a bit pricey for what you get. If you stop in, i would suggest just getting the croissant and a coffee. The bakery is the first floor of christian faure pastry school. Our server was Christian Faure son. The service is slow but i think its because us american's are in and out.
didn't like the madelein, canele was just comme si comme ca
Phenomenal! Pure and simple. I fell in love with this artisan Montreal jewel a short while ago after tasting their chocolate cake. Piece of heaven! (Add a touch of Itzhak Perlman playing, and that would be heaven). I've also tried their macaroons. It's no Parisian Pierre Herme, but it's tasty. The staff are great. They try to make you enjoy your experience there, even when you speak little or no French. It's definitely a must-try. The world needs more tasty glimpses of heaven like this.
Go there.  That's my advice.  The pastries are out of this world...as is the coffee and the general ambiance.  Once we discovered this cute little pastry shop/cafe, we went back every chance we had.  I only had the Palmiers, but my friend tried a couple of different things.  She loved them all.
In NYC we are spoiled with several MoFs's pastry shops but no one comes close to Mr. Faure. He should really open up a shop in NYC. We had several pastries of which I will post photos but our favorite was the mille feuille.  Wow...custard heaven!  If you are in Old Montreal, this pastry shop is a must.  Try the pastry of the day, mille feuille or an eclair...you will thank me later.
The macaroons here lack flavor though are beautiful but it's the almond croissant and other pastries that are a joy to behold. The staff are very kind and attentive and gave great service.
The concierge at our hotel described this place as the best bakery in Montreal. She wasn't kidding. I will go home and dream longing about the chocolate eclair!
Amazing! I made sure to make the time to stop by this beautiful and charming shop, and I am so glad that I did. I got four different pastries- a caramel and dark chocolate tart, which was perfect- not too sweet, and beautiful; a lemon meringue tart, which was lovely; a cannele, which the friendly man who packaged up my treats helped to pronounce properly (my French is pretty much non-existent); and a delectable croissant. Then, as I was signing my receipt, the cashier suggested I take a sample of their marshmallows. I decided on the spot to buy a bag of the vanilla marshmallows, but he suggested I try the raspberry. Totally amazing! I whipped out my credit card right there and bought a bag. I wish I didn't live 4000 miles away, because I already want more!
So much fun to try all their pastries.  I would go there for treats daily if I lived in the area.  The hot chocolate is so rich.  Fabulous.
i had the best palmier here!  All their pastries are mouth-watering and i wish i tried one of each, but due to limited time, i was able to try their palmier, almond croissant and their macaroons.  The palmier was crispy, sweet and flaky - a super dance party in my mouth.  I wish i could have savored every moment and bite!  The almond croissant was pretty good too!  The filling is not as sweet at others I've tried (which is to my preference) and the flakiness of the croissant was perfect!  I wasn't a huge fan of their macaroons.  They are not bad, but also not out of the world.  If you come here, i would recommend trying all their pastries and elsewhere for macaroons.  I will come back when i visit montreal again! :)
My friends and I had lunch at MCF through a travel guidebook recommendation. And we were not disappointed. Croissant and Palmier were delightful. It is so hard to get good croissants back home in Singapore. When the server brought the tray of pastries to choose for dessert (I had the lunch special which included a choice of dessert with my entrée), OMG .. How could I choose only one?! Service staff was polite and friendly. So glad we found the place!
This place definitely deserves 5 stars. It's a great place to have a cup of latte and escape cold Montreal weather in October. Their eclairs are to die for and the quality of their cakes and pastries is superb. Just look at the pics and you'll understand what I'm talking about. Surely, you owe yourself a visit here after visiting Notre-Dame Basilica. Maison is a great place to unwind, have a cup of coffee or tea together with one of their amazing pastries or cakes.
Do not miss this gem and make sure you go early in your trip so you can return again and again! This is a classic French bakery with much to delight the senses.  The staff is more than happy to help you make a selection, either to go or to enjoy it he shop.  Get a nice cuppa and settle in to rest your tired toes and delight your senses.  I could make suggestions, but offerings change daily, and having been here repeatedly, I can confidently say that no. Matter what you choose, you will not be disappointed, in fact, you will be delighted.  And get some to go, you will be dreaming about their goods before you get home.
Great French pastry shop. The croissants are amazing and the desserts and macaroons to die! Highly recommend but not so cheap
White chocolate coffee pastry - tasted delicious and presented beautifully!! My husband enjoyed a perfect lemon meringue (real meringue) tarte.
Amazing pastries!!!! This place really does deserve a 5 star. The chef is absolutely down to earth and really cares about the qualify of the product. Although the customer service needs some improvement. Bon appetit!
I always walk in front of that bakery but never had a chance to stop as it is not very pet friendly..That being said, it is the BEST pastry in NORTH AMERICA.  Service, food, ambiance and payment was so simple all is missing is that little patio place on the side walk for dog walkers like me.  Maybe have some hooks outside with water to attract the locals in the morning!Merci.
I'm a dessert person. Will choose dessert over main course any time. I stopped by after lunch at Olive et Gourmando. The almond croissant here is flakier and richer than O&G (no comparison). I also had the maple brioche. However, my absolute favorite is chocolate croissant which is sold on weekends only. It's chocolate swirl around the croissant with a bar of chocolate inside...highly recommended.  Light, flaky, chocolaty and not too rich. Yum!
We were told if you do anything in Montreal, you have to have French pastries. After some careful research, we ended up at Maison Christian Faure. We were staying at the Governour's Hotel in Quartier Latin, and despite frigid temperatures, we decided to walk over to Old Port (about fifteen minutes or so). As noted by other reviews, MCF is tucked away on a side street and could be easily missed if you're not looking out for it.  When you enter, there are stairs leading up, and down. Down, I'm assuming, is the pastry school, whereas the dining area and pastry shop is upstairs. The pastry counter is the first thing you see when you walk up the stairs (macarons to be exact), and I'm pretty sure I began salivating right away, while planning my to-go pastry strategy.The space is very sleek with a bit of rustic charm, and bright and airy. We were seated by the window, and the angle of the sunlight made it hard for me to take pictures of my food. C'est la vie. We both got the brunch plank, which was the perfect amount of food. It started with a chocolate croissant each, layers of flakiness and bits of chocolate galore. Sadly, the croissants arrived before our espresso, and I could barely wait. Then, the plank came, with a cup of fresh fruit, a slice of brioche, a side of caramel sauce, and a delightful spin on eggs benedict (I got the salmon, my partner the ham). It was just enough to leave room for dessert. I got macarons to try later, and found them less than stellar but not detracting from my overall impression of MCF. I'll make this place a must-stop on subsequent trips to Montreal!
Everything in the bakery looked delicious!  I picked up a passion fruit raspberry tart and 2 macarons - pistachio and passion fruit mango.  The macarons were overpriced at $2.50 each, but the tart was good and reasonably priced at $4.50.
A cute chic cafe in the heart of Old Montreal right off of Rue Saint Paul perfect for afternoon tea or a lunch date.  The desserts are beautiful and aren't too sweet.  The decor is modern, feminine, and charming.  There were lots of locals including ladies who lunch, chic yuppies, and romantic couples.  We tried the pistachio cake and the berry galette with an iced cappuccino.  Both were delicious!  They also serve lunch here if you're looking for something more substantial.
If you want traditional French pastries this place is as good as it gets. We went to Maison Christian Faure for breakfast on a Saturday morning. The atmosphere was pleasant and the service very professional. The almond croissant was as good as any pastry I've ever had. Soft almond paste center, crispy, flaky crust outside. Coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice rounded out the meal and we left satisfied and wishing we didn't have to leave Montreal.
Location: Tucked away in the old port, just off St. Paul.Space: You can tell that great care was taken in the design and decor of this space because it's absolutely stunning. When you walk in, you'll notice a beautiful mural depicting the days of Montreal past. Similarly, there is another mural located inside the shop. Yes, the place is mostly white and may come across as sterile to some, however, all that white is contrasted with beautiful pops of color that peek out from behind the displays... Displays that are filled with lovely, perfectly crafted pastries and sweets that you would be a fool not to try. Not to mention the awesome stone wall (that may or may not be original) and hardwood floors. The space is incredible - I'm thinking they should let me live there. In terms of seating, there are only a handful of tables, but these are well spaced out so you don't need to share your dessert with your neighbors. You all know how I feel about personal space! Stuff: You saw my pictures. If you didn't, then go look at them and you'll immediately understand why I fell in love with this place. The Maison C-F offers fresh pastries that are so pretty, you'll feel bad cutting into them with that fancy spork they give you. They also make macarons, cakes, baked goods, and they have a refrigerated section where you can purchase pre-made cakes. I'm not sure if they're ice cream cakes so you can go check that out for yourself.  I ordered an Americano and it was served just the way I like it, using Illy coffee. My dessert of choice was the chocolate eclair. It was positively divine - delectable - deliriously delicious. I have never been served an eclair that was so.... stuffed - and the filling was chocolate! YUM! They're not cheap, that's for sure. The eclair was amazing and I could tell the patissier uses quality ingredients simply by its taste and texture. That said, it WAS a bit rich, which is why I begrudgingly left a little piece behind. I just couldn't eat anymore despite my best efforts. My date had the pot au caramel and loved it. Service: This is why I rated this 4 stars instead of 5. No one greeted us when we walked in. We stood at the counter for a minute because we weren't sure if we should be waiting for someone to seat us or if it was OK to pick our own table. Even then, no one greeted us. We then sat at our table for a few minutes while boy-waiters walked by and looked at us, but still offered no greeting. HELLO are you BLIND? For a minute, I thought we'd entered into a new restaurant trend - where the wait staff is both blind mute. When we finally did get service, our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable, so that made up for the initial failure to launch.  BUT you should still greet your clients when they walk through the door.  On a related note, M. Faure was out and about on the floor chitchatting with clients as well as greeting those that walked through the door. We ran into him in the elevator and he was very friendly. It's great to see a business owner taking the time to interact with their clientele - it definitely encourages repeat visits!So.... you have to go. Get off your couch, brave this crazy-ass Montreal polar vortex and go feast on Christian Faure's pastries. Don't worry - you'll leave there a little plumper so you won't feel the cold as much =-D
Oh my!! What can we say, from the impeccable service to the outstanding pastries we LOVED this place. It's definitely on our list of places to return to in Montreal.
This was one of the highlights of a recent trip to Montreal.  Everything, from breakfast pastries, to the desserts and coffee was fantastic.  The service was excellent and I had one of the best almond croissants I have ever eaten.
What a wonderful place! Clean and bright.  The pastry display left me wide eyed in wonder. I had a fabulous hazelnut eclair.   The espresso was a delight. Will come back.
If I could give this 10 stars, I would in a heartbeat. Except I can only give 5 :( I'm not usually a brunch girl, but this place got me head over heels. Service was slightly MIA at times, but nothing to fret over. The salmon was fishier than what I'm used to, but it balanced out the fruit, french toast, and danish. Omg their pastries....bring back one of each if you can. The apple tart and croissant was absolutely amazing. At one point, the server asked us if we could move our table slightly to make room for others, and then five min later...he came back with a whole dish of colorful beautiful macarons to make up for the "inconvenience." My family and I were floored...like this is amazing. I don't even usually like macarons, but they managed to change my mind about them here. Cutest tea bins ever. We came back a second day to order more stuff to go this time, only sad part is that they forgot to include the hazelnut chocolate eclair in our order :(( Most adorable shop ever...definite must try.
Looking for an early lunch/late breakfast and found this place using Yelp.  It was wonderful.  Not only are the pastries out of this world, but the lunch was excellent.  I got the chicken club, based on another review I read and it was great.  Good spot to grab a nice lunch and probably the best pastries in Montreal.
Beyond amazing! Perfectly executed flavors & presentation. World reknown pastry chef earned his stripes for sure! Best French pastries I have ever tasted...in the world. No lie. Good prices for what you get too. Crisp modern decor. Can't say enough about how good it is.
Was wondering in Old Montreal an afternoon looking for a place to buy some croissant. They seated us nevertheless and offered a large selection of pastries. They are just so-so in my opinion.
They are inconsistent here and overpriced for the lack of quality.I bought an eclair the first time around and it was good.  I went back for another eclair and it was OLD. It was small, there was practically no cream inside, it was dry.. really, seriously a waste of $6.If you want a decent eclair that doesn't look too fancy, go to Complexe Desjardins, find the O Gateries / La Belge Bakery there, and buy those eclairs for $4.05 They're worth it.Only the tarts are decent, but DO NOT take the lemon meringue tart. I paid a lot of money for it and it ended up being totally, utterly, disgusting. I am not a fan of cream to begin with, but then the lemon curd inside was.. just.. effing weird. Like eating dish soap. Sweet dish soap.I tossed it in the garbage. Took a few bites, regretted the money I spent and .. oof, into the garbage.I also tried the strawberry cake (fraisier) and found it OK, but the cream on top ruined it for me. The cake was also soaked in sugary syrup and in general was too sweet for my personal tastes but not bad.
This place is great!! I don't know why there isn't a long line out the door!!! Beautiful building, gorgeous desserts, amazing brunch, friendly staff, and great drinks!
The best chocolate-almond croissant! Wonderful people and service!! I thoroughly enjoyed. Wish I could be more there were so many wonderful pastries and desserts
This is a gorgeous contemporary space in the historic Old Montreal area. As you head up a flight of stairs and round the corner, the pastry case of treats comes into full view! We were there for a breakfast snack at around 10 am on a weekday and the case was full so we had the full selection available to choose from. We selected the blueberry tart and an almond croissant. Both were good. My favorite part of breakfast? My terrific cup of very hot, dark, boldly flavored coffee. It was the perfect foil for the richness of the croissant. On the way out, I purchased a few more items to try later including an apple pastry -- that was apparently a shocking $12! My other half ate the whole thing so I'm not sure why it cost 3x as much as my croissant but it was reportedly tasty. There are no prices on the pastries so I suppose you should ask if you don't want any surprises sprung on a stupid non-French speaking tourist like me.  :(One other tip: there's a menu of breakfast options posted English discretely on one of the walls. It seems that there is some sort of set breakfast that includes juice,  coffee, and pastry -- Unfortunately,  I only saw this as we were leaving. Next time perhaps!
makes me feel like a lady when I walk in here. pricey but when you're here it makes you feel like you can swipe (with a credit card) and not think about budgeting. recommended by the pastry chefs themselves: passion fruit tart & chocolate eclairloved their caneles
Excellent pain au chocolat. I wish we had stayed and done brunch. The whole case looked amazing. The hot chocolate was not great and the espresso was just ok. I would definitely come back here for food, would probably go for the tea options instead of the other drinks.
not bad but the they didn't have the one pastry I wanted. this made me sad and I was irritated that I walked the treacherous icy terrain of Montreal to get there.
Delicious cake !Fantastic! Vey good experience, I will be back. Btw: I like ice wine which recommend by waiter.
I just have to say that Yelp in Montreal never lead us wrong.This bakery was no exception.  It's in a touristy area, with some expensive hotels and restaurants.  I had a three different croissant-like pastries over two days, as well as a few slices of a loaf of bread.  It was all incredible.  I also brought home a bag of home-made marshmallows.  The guy behind the counter said they are the best in Montreal.....after eating 4 in one sitting, he's probably not lying.They have some tables so you can sit down to enjoy your pastries and coffee.
Went on a recommendation.  Three tables occupied, no line at the counter, two servers.  We waited at the counter for service.  And waited...  One server asked if we wanted something to go, then disappeared.  Second server couldn't be bothered.  No 'bonjour', no 'hello'.  And we waited some more.  We left...
I tried the flan and strawberry shortcake.  Both were phenomenal and beautifully constructed.
Our family stopped by this bustling bakery on a hot August afternoon. We got the most delicious baked goods. The croissant was buttery and flaky. The almond crossoint was filled with soft almond paste. The chocolate croissant possibly the best ever. My cafe latte was smooth and creamy. The best patisserie of our trip!
We got brunch plank and Americanos at this cafe and with my sweet tooth, I had to buy some macarons for the drive back. Everything tasted great and service was superb. There's a pasty/cooking school upstairs so you know the food was made on-site. Recommend this while you're in old montreal.
You walk in to an overload of amazing looking pastries. How does one decide what they want to eat! All look delish! We sat for the breakfast eggs Benedict that came with smoked salmon, brioche and caramel sauce and great fruit. All amazing. We also had the lobster and crab salad on brioche and it was finger licking good! Great ambiance and nice servers. All happy and helpful!
Latte's and croissants made by a world class chef. Everything not only look amazing but tasted even better. Friendly service in an inviting atmosphere.  Went back for some deserts for the ride back home.
They have great cannelle. Pistachio gelato was great as well. We also tried their eclair with chestnut cream, which was just sweet enough. Will definitely go there agin when in the area.
Quaint little place packed with locals. Simple club sandwich was out out of this world good. Followed by a hazelnut éclair and perfect start to the afternoon.
Amazing! We came in on a frigid winter day in montreal and smells  instantly overwhelmed us. The display cases were full of the most beautiful and delicious looking pastries. Macarons, tarts, cakes, palmers, croissants, canneles... Mmmmmm... We ended up opting for three canneles, one palmier (it was HUGE) and a chocolate eclair all for take out. Each one was perfect!
Let's just say that my only complaint was that it was pretty hot in the restaurant.  That being said... it was a hot day when we were there which was on Tuesday July 1, 2014.  We sat next to the window which was sunny, adding to the heat.  Otherwise, no complaints.  Food was delicious.  Many people complained about the service, and well, we did have to ask for more water and for our check, otherwise, we may have waited a long time.  But the food was great and the wait staff had great attitudes and were so friendly.  We even had dessert and coffee.  Loved it so much that we went back the following day to get some pastries for our train ride to Toronto.  With better air conditioning, I'd give this 5 stars.  YUM!!
The almond croissant was delightful. They gave me an amuse-bouche as well that was some kind of pate tart, it was actually somewhat similar to the item I ordered. I was actually worried it was the actual dish! Luckily I overheard another server offer the same thing to another patron.Overall, a great little place.
It's in the heart of tourist central, Old Montreal, so you know it's going to be expensive. Luckily the quality of the pastries (mango-raspberry tarts, amazing) and the interior is worth it. Service not really -- though the younger servers were very pleasant the manager was apparently working on his PhD in Arrogant French Caricature. I was seriously looking for the camera, so perfect were the stereotypes.But whatever, don't let that dude ruin your day, make multiple elevator trips up to the toilet on the fourth floor and show him whose Maison this really is.
Incredible patisserie! My brunch yesterday was delicious. I shared chocolate almond croissant, french toast with a caramel syrup, fresh squeezed orange juice. We couldn't resist taking macaroons and pastries home to NYC with us. Everything was perfect!
I got the almond croissant with a cappuccino first time. Both were excellent. I just wish the takeout coffee was bigger. I also came here a second time and tried their brunch. It was excellent and the price was great! I got coffee, a croissant and french toast with eggs benedict for $18!! Everything was excellent.
I've never had a better croissant - I had almond and chocolate almond. We went 2 days in a row because it was so good. Great tea selection, we tried the macarons too - amazing. Can't say enough good things.
Every product looked exquisite when you walked through the doors. The menu prices for dining in also looked quite reasonable (and tasty). Purchased lovely croissants, macaroons and a lemon meringue tart (although it's referred to as something else here). Very helpful service at the counter.
Amazing everything. Not sure if I was ever gonna be able to leave the place!!
Amazing
i got a bunch of things that I'm not sure I can remember the name of. Overall, everything was amazing and had just the right amount of sweetness, so it wasn't cloyingly sweet. I REALLY enjoyed the passion fruit....tart? I don't know if I can call it a tart, but it was fruity, had great flavor and had this oozy fruit filling that just covered the plate when you cut into it. There was a dessert with a little custard on top and a rum syrup in it which was a little strong and on the sweet side for me. The canele didn't have the best texture ever, but I didn't exactly have it fresh, so that was bad on my part. The flavor had a hint of orange/citrus, I think, that made it so much better than some other caneles I've had. Since canele is one of my favorite desserts, I really appreciated what they did. My second favorite dessert from there was a coffee crumble with lemon curd and what seemed like meringue sticks on top. Coffee and lemon curd was such an interesting combination. I would say that is a must-try. while I was in the elevator en route to the bathrom, the elevator doors opened on the third floor, and I got a small peek into what I was told was the baking school associated with the bakery. I kinda wished I played the dumb tourist card and took a few photos. Darn.
Service is pretty bad and eclair or croissant were not good at all. Very much overrated. We had to ask for silverware and water twice. It wasn't very crowded either. Nothing we had was close to average including the brunch plank. Only above average item was the French toast.
What a find!  If you're in Montreal, you would do well to seek out this place.  Fantastic food and pastries served by a friendly and professional wait staff.  Outstanding!  We encountered one couple there who said it was their third visit in two days, because they loved it so much.
Walked by on our first day in Montreal.  Made a mental note and returned the next morning for a quick bite en route to bota bota.Their almond croissant is unlike any other I've tasted.  It's got this creamy paste thing in the center that was just out of this world.  If there was a way for me to ensure that the flaky crusts would remain fresh and crisp, I'd definitely import a few dozen of their goods back to nyc!!
Spent a week in Montreal, everyday seeking good French pastries (the sweet, delicately prepared type) - including using the internet and hotel staff recommendations. We kept striking out until we finally found this place on Yelp.  This was WORTH THE TRIP this afternoon, the last day of our special trip to Montreal. We had two pastries plus cappuccino and took two to go for dinner.  Extremely tasty and the staff was friendly.  Place was very clean and had good ambiance.  We HIGHLY recommend for anyone seeking delicious French pastries.   They also served regular food such as salads, soups and sandwiches, but we did not try.GREAT JOB guys, hope to visit next time we are in town.
Attentive service and delicious food in trendy and fun cafe atmosphere. I had quinoa salad with chicken and vegetable soup. Boyfriend had lobster pastry. We shared a Mille feuille for dessert. I like to think of myself as pastry connoisseur and it wasn't the same as a Parisian Mille feuille but still delicious (pastry sheets were a bit thicker here). Definitely a great lunch spot.
The waitstaff are very helpful. The coffee selection is minimal with a decent choice of French pastries, but not as many as a typical corner bakery in France. $9 for small coffee (expresso), juice, small pastry, and a piece of sweet bread....which is about par for the area.
Best pastries I've ever had in my life. The 5 stars are for the pastries only. I did not have other items on the menu. Seating is limited, but worth the homemade jam serve with Madelines.
Pretty much agree with the consensus. We ordered an almond croissant and a couple of quiches. The croissant was excellent and the quiches were good. They bring you a foie gras appetizer/bite, which is not to be confused for your actual order. A little slow on service at times but was overall a great place to stop for a bite during our explorations of Old Montreal.
This is a quiet little cafe with amazing coffee and pastries. The staff was extremely nice and the prices were reasonable. My husband and I had an Americano and a chocolate croissant........delicious.
This was near my hotel and was drawn to it simply by walking by the doorway one morning.I went every morning for 4 straight days and by the second day they knew the kind of tea I drank and how I liked it. You walk in and the smell is amazing.However that is nothing to the food and pastry.It's not cheap, but you get 10 times in flavor what you pay for.On my last day I loaded up on the jams and goodies to bring home as gifts and ended up keeping most of what I purchased. My first day home, I woke up and missed my window seat table at Maison Christian Faure, my Earl Gray tea and just about everything else about the place.Find time to visit this wonderful experience in sweet, smell, taste and comfort.
Found this place on yelp and it was right around the corner from the hotel I was staying at.  I wanted some french pastry and this place had it.  They had a bunch of fancy stuff but I opted for a chocolate croissant with almond slices on top and some creme filling. Holy crap!!!! Best. Chocolate. Croissant. Ever.
Best almond croissant you will have in beautiful montreal. The decor is beautiful and minimalist. Their server is very polite and they have a great selection of patisseries francaises. Definitely a 5*
A terrific little bakery in a beautiful space in old town, near the (awesome) archaeology museum. The $10 breakfast special - coffees, fresh OJ, pastries of your choice - was a great way to start the day.
I can't believe that that little gem had never been mentioned to me. What a pity that all this time I haven't been blessed with the delicious enlightenment that is le Cartet.To be honest- I've walked by this space several times and just assumed it was a specialty food shop that was ahem, well out of my price range. Don't be deceived like I was; as it turns out it's an amazing sit-down spot as well. My companion had the country-style breakfast, and while the whole thing looked awesome the most note-worthy thing about it is that the potatoes are cooked in duck fat (DUCK FAT POTATOES PEOPLE.) I ordered the "healthy" breakfast plate, complete with goat cheese toast and poached eggs; a yogurt parfait; as well as figs and cheese. yum.The space is exactly what you're hoping for- a cozy and accommodating yet classy spot where even when the place is packed you can hear your brunchin' buddies. I can't wait to bring everyone ever here.
Be sure to arrive early to avoid the line ups!So this is a popular brunch place amongst Montrealers with a shop in front of the restaurant that sells pâté, all sorts of chocolates, goodies, etc. To be completely honest, their food wasn't memorable. I got the Brunch Cartet and the rest of my party got the Brunch Toscan and Brunch de l'Atlantique. I enjoyed the first bite of my salmon cake but then it was just dry afterwards - would be nice to throw some sauce on the side. Our brunch came with orange juice which was a plus.I thought the food was "okay" and nothing more. I wouldn't return.
I believe that Daphne M.'s review says it all. This really is a must when you're in town. My visit wouldn't have been complete without it. Indeed, life itself is more complete now that I've been here.Food: I ordered the hot cast iron thing with meats and beans all around. It was scrumptious! My wife ordered the salmon with baguette because the restaurant didn't get its bagel delivery in the morning, boo! Both were delicious nonetheless. Drink the vanilla latte!Service: extremely friendly and responsive.Decor: it's tight in here, but everything is extremely clean, especially the restrooms.Try to get here early because the line can get really long! Park one block over at the public meters and walk briskly (to stay warm).
Le Cartet has turned me on to the deliciousness that is goat cheese in scrambled eggs, and I will be forever grateful.My boyfriend and I decided to brunch at Le Cartet when we visited Montreal, and I really have to credit Yelp with getting us to check out this cozy spot.When you first arrive, you walk through the small specialty foods area. Chocolate bars of all sorts line the wall just beyond the entrance, and other fun food finds (like maple syrup, coffee and olive oil) are to your left. Looking around is a fun distraction while waiting for your table to be called, which for us took about 15 minutes. We were seated along a long table, hip-to-hip with other diners, but that didn't bother us. I ordered the aforementioned scrambled eggs with goat cheese, which came on bread and also came with potatoes roasted in duck fat and fruit. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese, so I can could try the Montreal bagels I had heard so much about. And again, these eggs! Just do it! My boyfriend got the Brunch de L'Atlantique, which includes a ramekin of scrambled eggs with smoked salmon, half of a smoked salmon bagel, a salmon and sweet potato cake, salad and fruit. Now this is a pretty breakfast! I liked the cake the best. It was very similar to a crab cake. And as if all of this food wasn't enough, we enjoyed mimosas and an amuse-bouche that reminded me of coffee cake. The servers seemed experienced with getting diners through quickly -- a must considering how popular this place seems to be -- but our server was very attentive and polite at the same time. He went through the menu with us in English, and answered each question we had. Happily full after our meal, we then took more time to peruse the specialty food offerings and bought quite a few items to bring home to give to loved ones as souvenirs. Getting a great meal and some shopping done at the same time was such a nice benefit, especially considering we had only a few days to spend in this glorious city. One-stop shopping at its finest!
I was in Montreal for 24hrs with my boyfriend, and while visiting the old city, we decided to have lunch here. The street is pretty, with lots of other restaurants, but somehow we picked this one because of its window with all different products and the big common tables you can see from outside. Such a perfect choice! The atmosphere is lovely. All waitress and I am assuming the owner are ladies, dress in black, super nice. We ordered their lunch specials of sandwich and soup/salad, which came also with fresh bottle of water (free as well as their refills), and bread with butter. The soup was delicious, served inside a tiny pot. My sandwich was amazing, with tons of salmon in it. My boyfriend had a more regular baguette one, but really full of ingredients, with a side of colorful tasty original salad. We really enjoyed, and I suggest this gem to everyone who is visiting the old city! Also, free speedy wifi, and cool crowds.Thank you Le Cartet!
Sunday Brunch Spectacular- had Brunch Cartet which was a plate of scrambled egg, salad, cheese, salmon cake (amazing!), and ham croissant. Show stealer: croissant. So good. Not too flaky but not not too solid either, wasn't too salty or too sweet, simply perfect. Probably the best croissant in montreal. I had the ham removed because i don't eat pork so my croissant came just with cream cheese but I'd rather have nothing on it and just go for plain croissant. I cannot stop fawning about how great the texture and softness of the croissant was. Next time I come, I'm simply getting a good ol' croissant avec cafe.Everything else was great too but honestly the croissant was so good that the rest pales down to it. I also had a latte (they use beans by illy) which was also a rich and smooth blend of milk and coffee, not too bitter. Definitely recommend. All brunch plates also come with bread pudding (not my fav) and (super-duper) fresh orange juice.Best part is the location, situated south of downtown, in the heart of a non-touristy part old port. It's like walking into a perfect life and having your dreams fulfilled in cup of coffee. Great ambience and had a great experience.P.s. hot waiters ;)
This place was off the hook for brunch! Great interior, cute and friendly waiters and a really fantastic ambiance. We were on vacation in beautiful Montreal, and this was comparable to any swank, popular place in my beloved Chicago.I had the Toasta Mixo - Portuguese grilled cheese - for brunch, and it was a LOT of food. A sort of egg sandwich accompanied by a nice fresh salad. It would have been enough for two to share, as it was a ton of food. Illy coffee, which is my FAVORITE. I'd return.
Amazing brunch, combinations were delicious, well thought-out as the flavours complimented each other, and eat plate was crafted masterfully. Has the brunch sucre (sweet) and brunch toscan (savoury) and both were perfect, especially to share to satisfy both senses! The brunch sucre was also not overly sweet. Portions didn't seem overwhelming but filling, the food felt very fresh, light and refreshing however.It's a tad expensive for brunch, but worth the experience. Service was attentive and bilingual! It's a place that quite packed, so don't be surprised of the wait or needing to sit with other people at a table!Would recommend to go to in Montreal and easily could go back if I get the chance!
Been meaning to try this place for brunch for over a year now but never really wanted to brave the cold weather during the 20+ min wait outside.I finally mustered enough courage to go and boy oh boy was it worth it!We shared the Brunch cantons and the Brunch sucré. The beans were just divine! One tiny suggestion for the crepes on the brunch sucré plate: I recommend putting that delicious candied Orange rind and raspberry sauce in the crepe as well. They only smear some on top of it and it's simply not enough! Try the Moka noir orange. Best coffee I've ever had. Lastly, Stephani the waitress was amazing. In a great mood. :) made our brunch all the more better.
We rented an airbnb about 3 stores down from this place and every time we stepped foot outside there was a line coming from Le Cartet that reached our door. My first thought? "Gotta yelp this place" and I did.So we queued up on line one sunny afternoon for brunch. The line moved slowly and a few times I almost made an about face, but thanks to this one overly enthusiastic guy behind me I toughed it out. He raved on and on about the food to some other strangers while he waited for his girlfriend. Some time passes, don't even know how long, and we finally get inside and get seated. As we're sitting down I see a waiter walk by with a carafe of OJ in one hand and a bottle of champagne in another. I told our waitress "I want that" (yes, kind of like a toddler at a candy store). $37 gets you a bottle of champagne with a free carafe of OJ. For two of us, we got about 5 glasses each. Pretty sweet deal.The food here is actually really pricey for brunch dishes, averaging at about $16 per dish. We thanked our lucky stars that the USD was strong so we balled out! I had the Brunch Des Cantons $17.99 (English breakfast style dish: beans, ham, bacon, eggs, sausage in a cast iron skillet) and my boo thang had the Toasta Mixta $11.29 (egg, ham, cheese, onions, and mustard sandwich). Both dishes were overall good but they could use some tweaks. The skillet dish was a little bland and the bread on the sandwich should've been toasted so it can hold better. It just kept falling apart.Service was great. Is this place worth the wait? I'm torn so I'll leave that up to you.
After reading the reviews I expected to be waiting at least an hour! But we got to the restaurant at 10am - minutes from our hotel at nelligan. The wait was about 5 minutes. Very busy, every seat full, but turnover seemed very quick so we were seated promptly!They sell mimosa for early morning cures from night prior! I ordered something that sounded like eggs Benny; but they called it something else. The food was all fresh and if I am not mistaken freshly squeezed juice. The service was wonderful!  The food matched the service and ambiance was very high.Has all the excellent service which was prior provided in Toronto moved to Montreal? What a positive experience, everyone seemed happy but busy. They also have a small store front at the front of the restaurant. When we we're leaving there was a huge lineup. Glad we got there somewhat early!!
My fiance and I made Le Cartet our first grub stop after we arrived in Montreal, starving from our long drive from New York.  The line was literally out the door, with pedestrians struggling to make their way through because hungry folks in line were blocking the wide sidewalk.  Well, despite our hunger, we figured a long line is a good sign, so we waited about 20-30 minutes to get in.We were directed by a friendly staff into the loooooong restaurant.  The long dining tables, which I would unhesitatingly put into my own dining room, were very fitting given the restaurant's length.  Me like!  So we started off with 2 cappucinos.  I ordered the bowl after being informed of the size of the cup, and my fiance ordered the cup.  Yes, I eat like a fat person and it's quite embarrassing when my male partner's portions are smaller than my own.  Anywho, the cappucinos were creamy, frothy and smooth ... a great start to our brunch!I decided to go with the Brunch de L'Atlantique and my fiance went with Brunch des Cantons.  I love salmon so this was the perfect dish for me.  It featured a potato and salmon cake, smoked salmon over bagel and eggs with salmon, sided with salad and fruits.  My fiance's didn't appeal to me too much because I was so absorbed with my salmony meal, but his dish was by far more savory, with sausages, eggs and ham.  Both dishes came with a glass of orange juice, which really filled us up.  I left nothing but crumbs on my plate and left with a happy tummy.  Definitely worth the wait!
Fabulous breakfast/brunch joint. Modern/classy but casual full service cafe/restaurant with small store and takeout near entrance. Gets pretty packed after 10 am weekends. Love the wooden communal tables and the loft style ceilings. Portions are perfect and the coffee is excellent. Great service. Great clean modern décor.
Great service! Came on a weekday at 10am and had great service and no line. It wasn't completely packed. They were nice about letting me practice my French too! Got the brunch des canton! It's all the meat cooked on a cast iron. Also got the mimosa. So good!
Flavor is lost & can't find it's way to Cartet. The brunch is the best meal option here. All in all the place is way overpriced for what you get - middle of the road quality and not always fresh. Beware of the grab and go options. The salads can be old, lettuce wilted, and tasteless across the board. The cookies are hard, and they ain't biscotti. The espresso is Illy brand so it's pretty good. They sell so many food products, it could be a mini (overpriced) general store. If the pickings are slim, which they can be in this area, it is a good bet but Cartet is not a place to go out of your way for. Its a place that's the best of the not so great.
My family and I walked to Le Cartet from our hotel in downtown Montreal and it was a fun experience. The space is much bigger than it appears at first with smaller tables and also family style tables. They were friendly and patient with the two year old in our group, too. The coffee was hot and rich, as was our food. The staff couldn't have been friendlier.
I don't understand how this brunch place gets such amazing reviews. We came during a weekday and the place was filled with tourists. There are no hostesses to seat you; you are expected to simply walk in and find a table. The restaurant is lovely, it has extremely high ceilings, and windows that allow the morning sunshine to pour in. The service is friendly. The food  is just not as spectacular as it appears in the pictures. My partner and I each ordered a scrambled eggs plate. The scrambled eggs with chorizo tasted like something a high school student could've made. The plates were huge, but they looked half empty.  Each plate came with four small pieces of potatoes   and  three pieces of fruit (1 strawberry, 1 slice of orange and 1 slice of grapefruit). The pain brioche was actually 12 grain bread, which I didn't mind.  Then again, they may just be placing whatever they have on hand.  I suppose I am very disappointed because after seeing all the reviews, I was expecting a little more on my plate for the $12 we paid. It was satisfactory for breakfast, but with all the amazing brunch places available in town, I am not sure I would recommend le Cartet at this point. I would have to try one of their bigger plates the next time.
Went to have brunch here with my girlfriends and the vibe was different from all the prior times I've been here.  It could be because there were more out of towners during the weekend.Today's visit was on a Sunday, arrived in line at 11:30 and was seated at 12:25.  The food's taste and presentation was good.  I had the ham omelette grilled cheese with the right amount of mustard seeds.  The salad came pre-dressed with what tasted like Thousand Island, and I thought it was a little too much.  My fave part of this meal was the Café au Lait... It is verrry good!  Just coming here for it is def worth it ;).We got to sit on the long benches with other clients and it kinda felt like Cabane a Sucre.Overall, what I learnt from today is to visit this place on the weekends.....
This is hands down the best breakfast spot in Montreal! Ambiance and service are spot on, it is always busy but you never feel rushed. The coffees and juice are top notch. You have to try the eggs benedict they are phenomenal. I don't know how they get the ham to taste as great as it does. Potatoes roasted in duck fat and fresh fruit round out a fantastic plate. For the quality of food and experience you cannot beat the price either. Can't wait to make it back there!
Le Cartet is a very cozy and great spot for breakfast/brunch/lunch on Rue McGill in Old Montreal. Le Cartet can be very busy on the weekend so get there early if you don't want to wait in line.We went on Sunday morning and we were seated right away. I had a large coffee moka that was served in a bowl. This was very good, a little weak for me, but still a nice coffee and mocha taste.I had the blueberry toast and as others have written, the portion sizes are pretty big. This again was delicious and came with fruits and apple butter.Le Cartet is very popular is seemed with the locals and tourists. That being so, it can get noisy. We were there in June and they had some tables outside also. I enjoyed Le Cartet and would go again when I return to Montreal.
This place is LEGIT for brunch.Me and 3 buddies were in town for the weekend and decided to try the food on a saturday morning. The wait was too long for inside and luckily seats were opening outside which was perfect as the weather reflected our luck. The staff were amazing, very friendly, and very helpful. But the food was the highlight here, it was insane! The portions were really big and perfect to fill our very hungry bellies. The food was really outstanding, all of our dishes were incredible, I wish this place existed for us back home.If i'm ever back in Montreal I will surely be here for sure.
We were there for a weekend brunch. Got the Brunch Sucre and Brunch des Cantons. Both were not good. First, we got a table that was really sloped. After switching table, we got the food. I had Brunch Sucre. It was so average, nothing really stood out at all. The pancake had some raspberry sauce on top, which was sour. The French toast tasted like some pre-packaged banana bread. My boyfriend had Brunch des Cantons, it was greasy. And the dish tasted nothing spectacular. Decor was nice.
This is by far the most delicious brunch I have ever eaten. What a great place- from decor, to staff to drinks, to food. I am so excited to go back already! My mom and I went there early on a Saturday morning, because I was aware of the lineups later on. We both had the brunch santé! It was so much food- all fresh and delicious! The only thing I would change is to use arugula rather than plain romain lettuce.. But oh my god good good good! This is also the first place in Montreal where I have had excellent coffee... I cannot recommend this restaurant enough!!
I went here for brunch with a friend at 12 on a weekday. Although we were disappointed to learn brunch is only on weekends, the lunch menu did not disappoint.We started with the soup of the day and a delicious maple latte. For mains we split the duck and scalloped potatoes (potentially the best I've had) and the pulled pork. We finished off with a piece of deliciously moist carrot cake. Every aspect of the meal was exceptional and the restaurant has lovely vibes.Can't wait to go back for brunch!
I have been to Le Cartet a total of 5 times. Everything is always great. Super fresh ingredients and good service. The wraps are great, the duck confit also great and the brunch also very good.Highly recommend itTHEY DO NOT TAKE AMERICAN EXPRESS
Situated in Old Port, le cartet is great to brunch at and then take a stroll along the water and enjoy the nice weather the menu options all looked delicious, but to ease my guilt about eating out so often , I finally settled on the brunch santé, which consists of organic granola with cashew nuts, yoghurt and blueberries, poached eggs on greens and whole wheat toast, goats milk cheese with pesto (which was spread on the toast), cheddar sticks with fig, and fresh fruits. Each brunch selection also came with a glass of orange juice (with pulp :) ) and amuse-Bouche, which is bite-sized bread pudding with chocolate and caramel (if I understood correctly). The amuse- bouche was pretty good - it wasn't too sweet. The highlight though, was the main meal. I really enjoyed their yogurt with granola - it tasted creamier than the yogurts I buy at the supermarket. I also really enjoyed the poached eggs on toast - the goats cheese and pesto made it very tasty and flavourful (normally, I don't like goat cheese because I think the flavour is too strong, but this wasn't the case at all here!)My friend got the toasted banana and coconut bread, which came with fresh fruit and yogurt with blueberries. I tried a bit of her bread, and we both enjoyed it very very much! Overall, the staff was friendly, and the food was delicious! They also have a few outdoor tables. Will definitely be back to try their other menu items!
Situated in Old Montréal, Le Cartet offers healthy yet gourmet European style breakfast at moderate pricing.For coffee, the restaurant uses Illy espresso, a great coffee with its roots in Italy, and my breakfast tea was from Paris, from the brand Kusmi Tea. What I found interesting and thoughtful was that the milk for my tea was frothed!The restaurant opens at 7am and serves their breakfast until 11am. We arrived at 7:30am, and by 8 o'clock, we were very surprised to see the restaurant fully packed with a line forming at the front waiting for tables! Our advice to you is to arrive before 8am and beat the morning rush. The restaurant offers a great vibe in their loft-like space, and is a great place to bond with your colleagues or friends. If you're looking for a quick coffee, the restaurant has an open coffee bar at the front which operates much like a café to get your caffeine fix. They also have a great selection of pre-packaged foods for a quick lunch midday, ranging from salads, yogurt bowls, pasta, and much more.I had Le Brunch Sucre. Because of its name, I expected most of my breakfast to be very sweet. To my surprise, most of the foods were sweet, but very balanced. For example, the raspberry jam on my crepe was more acidic than sweet. This is probably because they didn't add as much sugar than your generic jam company does, which provided a much refreshing taste when eaten together with the maple syrup.The yogurt and their granola also blew me away. The granola was tasted nothing different at the beginning, but as I kept eating it with the yogurt, I found myself tasting the ginger more gradually and realized that I didn't really need the honey to sweeten it. This means a lot, from someone that loves their things, especially yogurt, sweet! The yogurt was great; it seemed very fresh, thick, and dense in consistency. It balanced everything else in the bowl very well. I saw many women ordering the yogurt bowl as part of their breakfasts, and I agree, it's a great way to start your morning!The butter and maple syrup that the restaurant provided was quite different from the typical store-bought (or mass produced) goods as well. The butter tasted amazing, and was very light and fluffy in texture - not the hard and dense kind you see most of the time. The apple butter on the french toast was my favourite, and had to really hold myself back from buying a jar of it on my way out. It really was a perfect pairing with the french toast, and a great alternative to having your typical syrup and butter on it.Overall, I really recommend this breakfast to anyone that's looking for a sweet yet healthy option. The restaurant offers breakfast every weekday from 7am-11am, and also offers a weekend brunch both Saturday and Sunday from 9am to 3:30pm.
I've been to tons of brunch in Toronto and it just doesn't stack up to the ambiance you get in old montreal.  This place gets crazy packed if you go at peak hours but we were lucky enough to walk in and be seated within 5 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.I had the brunch cartet and was tempted to order more because I was hungry.  Glad I didn't.  You get a massive plate of every item on the breakfast menu and they all include a convenient mimosa option.  Coffee is delicious and not run of the mill big box stuff.  You can buy it by the ounce at the boutique at the front.  Speaking of the boutique, you can find everything there from truffle oil to chocolate spreads to takeout food.... They need to make one of these in Toronto...
A few days ago, my friend and I went to Le Cartet around noon in hopes of catching a late breakfast. Unfortunately we had just missed breakfast time by thirty minutes but decided to stay anyway -- Very glad we did!Food: Cauliflower soup - Served in individual mini Le Creuset dutch ovens. Major fan of not just the presentation but also the creamy and flavourful soupDuck leg with scalloped potatoes and arugula salad - Duck leg was very filling (in a good way) and scalloped potatoes were so, so satisfying. Neither of us like arugula and forgot to sub it out but it did look good. Pulled pork sandwich - Chips and pickles on the side. A bit of a kick to the pulled pork, brioche bun was on point, perfectly toasted. Carrot cake - Soooooo moist. Cream cheese icing was tart and not too sweet. Tons of nuts and raisins in the cake. Perfect way to end off the lunch Maple latte - Very smooth and well, maple-yService - Attentive, efficient and knew the menu very wellDecor - Clean cut, light wooden tables. Perfect for breakfast, lunch, business meetings etc. Boutique and ready to eat dishes at the front. Was swayed by the maple chocolate on the way out!
Cute Cafe that exceeds your expectations at every corner. Looks quite small from the outside but plenty spacious when you get in. It gets busy fast so it's best to get in when they open or reserve a table in advance. Food was delicious, fresh and relatively healthy. The hot chocolate was amazing. They used real cocoa which has this lovely subtle sweetness to it that's not overbearing. However if you have a sweet tooth they give you a packet of raw sugar on the side. My girlfriend had the mocha and it too was quite delicious. I've never had a great mocha, and this cute little Cafe hit the spot. Food was in generous portions and cheap compared to most brunch places. If you're looking for a nice, quiet morning brunch then this is the place for you. If can get busy but overall the ambiance and staff are quite charming.
We wondered here on a Sunday AM for brunch and the line was out the door! I think we ended up waiting around 30 min so I guess it wasn't too bad. I really dislike their system of waiting in line... Can't we put down our name and number and have the restaurant call us? That way we're not stuck standing and waiting!Once inside, there are large communal tables, but we were lucky enough to get one for two. I had their smoothie of the day to start and it was so refreshing! I liked how it just tasted like a mix of all sorts of fruits blended with light ice. For my meal I had the Brunch Toscan. The eggs were cooked nicely and the dish was very filling. I wouldn't say this was the best thing I've ever eaten, but it was decent. The reason why I'm giving it so many stars is thanks the whole ambiance of the place! There's also a little market in the front where you can buy pre packaged foods to go as well as different snacks. It's such a cute place!
More like 3.5 stars. I was fortunate enough to arrive a bit late by VIA Rail to Montreal so I did not have to wait particularly long for my table for one. The seating is communal-esque so get ready to get comfortable with the people sitting around you. I had the Brunch de L'Atlantique which is a salmon lovers delight. It had a smoked salmon scramble, a salmon cream cheese bagel, a salmon cake and a salad. The food was very good as was the coffee and the portions were very on point. However, the brunch was very much on the spendy side. I don't mind paying a lot for food - but there was nothing terribly unique about what I had which is why I'm knocking this place down a tad. This is definitely a convenient and nice place to brunch, but with so many options around - I would be more open to trying different alternatives.
I really enjoyed the cappuccino. The food I ordered was really yummy. I liked the blueberry yogurt with granola and fruit.One missing star is because Mr. T. He never likes the scrambled eggs and beans. But his dish had them both.
Rules for visiting Montréal:1. Go to Le Cartet Boutique for brunch. 2. I don't care what else you do after. 3. Confirm that step 1 was done.When visiting a city, I love finding the places locals like to eat (doesn't every yelper?). I'm intimidated by all things French, but Le Cartet had such glowing reviews, I couldn't say no. Awesome decision. The brunch menu has tons of variety, so whether you're in the mood for meat with a side of meat (ham, sausage, and bacon in one dish!) or a simple serving of fresh fruits, they have it. Prices are reasonable, especially after the USD to CAN conversion, so go nuts and get a mimosa while you're at it. Service was great, our server was friendly and our food came out pretty quickly considering how busy the place was. I got the L'Atlantique dish which had a salad, an open face smoked salmon with schmear bagel, fresh fruits, and some apple chocolate chip thing I can't pronounce. I was also supposed to get a sweet potato fritter thing, but the server told me earlier they were out and would substitute by pretty much giving me more of everything else. Cool.Whatever the hell the chocolate chip apple thing was,  it was DELICIOUS.  Super moist and not too sweet, I would have preferred to have it at the end of my meal instead of the beginning, but I devoured it nonetheless. The salad was perfectly dressed and the everything about the dish garnered zero complaints from me. Like I said, they didn't have the fritter that came with my meal, so I'm not sure if the scrambled egg with salmon was a replacement or normal part of the meal. All the fruits were at the peak of freshness and sweetness, too. My friend got the very simple scrambled eggs with goat cheese on toast.. and if I could give it ten stars, I would. If you can make something simple taste out of this world, that's a dang gift. All the right balance of salty, creamy, rich, crunch from the toast and sweetness from the side of fresh fruit made this so incredible that we're seriously considering going back to Montreal just to eat here again.
High end without being pretentious. Very nice place to get a breakfast that is different than the traditional greasy sausage and greasy eggs. This place offers a light airy breakfast with out of this world hand made croissants. I have been here a bunch of times and nothing I have eaten on the menu leaves you feeling all greased out and every time I leave satisfied and full.It's a little pricey, I mean a LITTLE bit pricey but the trade off of money vs quality is very well proportioned.
Pros: Beautiful setting, Delicious& Fresh food, Great serviceCons: Possible wait times, Food baby inducing, Busy-Ambiance- Very nice place to have weekend brunch, a lot of sunshine and open windows perfect to cure that night before hangover.  There is seating outside at the front and inside the restaurant as well as a quaint section selling treats at the front. Our server was phenomenal and was very enthusiastic throughout the whole service; explaining items and catering to all of our particular food needs.  Food ranges from 5-25$.-Food- Coupe Santé:  Yoghurt+ Granola+ Fruits. Ordered this to keep it light and I was very much satisfied. The fruits were fresh and varied,  the granola was in-house made  and still warm, and the yogurt was light and creamy. What more can you ask for. Trois Minutes: Two soft-boiled eggs with bio toast, duck fat potatoes, fresh fruit and jam.  Straightforward plate with quality ingredients. We also got the organic peanut butter, which was god-sent. -Overall- Go for weekend brunch don't be health conscious pansies like us and get the big brunch plates. Enjoy delicious&fresh food in a beautiful setting with good company.
Pretty good place where your not just getting the same old bacon and eggs that 90% of restaurants serve you...The menu has lots of interesting items, great presentation, outstanding dishes and kind of like to get my breakfast served in a hot pan lol
A couple friends of mine came to visit Montreal so I decided to take them here for lunch while we were around Old Montreal. We came at around 2pm and were seated quite promptly (glad we came a bit later since I heard this place can get pretty busy!) Their brunch menu has a good variety catered for different people - ex. A 'brunch santé' for the healthier individual, a 'brunch sucré' to satisfy one's sweet tooth etc. In the end I chose the 'brunch toscan' - english muffin served with potatoes, fruit and orange juice - which definitely satisfied my stomach. Food was also very visually pleasing!The atmosphere is very friendly and charming and we had good, attentive service throughout the meal. My friends were even able to get some souvenir shopping done since they have a little boutique at the entrance. It's definitely pricier than most brunch places, though understandable considering its location in Old Montreal. Overall a pleasant experience!
After trying many of the Montreal breakfast/brunch places, decided to give this place a shot as well due to the good ratings on yelp.  It's close to the bus stop I regularly takes, which makes it super convenient.  A cute joint with very friendly staff.  Open kitchen, open market, grab stuff to go, bakery counter as well as plenty of tables to sit down.  Some of the smaller tables are a bit too close to each other for my taste, but guess it's quite common in Montreal restaurants.  It's almost like eating with your neighbours with 2 inches away from their tables.  I had the "speculoo latte", which I was very excited to see.  After spending one summer in Belgium, Im totally in love with Speculoo and was very surprised to see they offered it.  Well, I was quite disappointed.  It's more a latte with a lot of cinnamon powders on the top, I didn't taste any speculoo at all or no signs of speculoo anywhere.  I had the very popular Brunch Atlantic, which is a smoked salmon heaven.  The 1/2 bagel with the smoked salmon was perfectly crispy and right amount of cream cheese.  The salmon scramble was great with very fluffy eggs and bits of smoked salmon.  The salmon cake was unnecessary since it wasn't great.  It's very dry and hard.  It's a pretty bad salmon and potato croquette.  Fresh fruit and salad on the side was refreshing and nice.  And even comes with a juice.  For $19, it seems a bit steep, but with the free juice and the quality overall, it's a pretty good deal. Plus the staff was all very friendly which made the experience even more enjoyable.  Stopped by the bakery to get some of their almond cakes to go.  The matcha almond cake was to die for.  Perfectly crispy on the outside and moist and nice flavour inside.  Definitely try that if you can.  The chocolate cherry muffin was too sweet for my taste and not a lot of cherries inside.  Overall, a place that I'd return and I think its'a sold place to go for breakfast/brunches.    Pretty popular place and doesn't take reservations, I'd go early or expect a queue.
I've come here alot for lunch. Eaten here and bought meals from their 'grocery' section. They're really..... Hit or miss sometimes. I'd say 80% of the time, their meal of the day is a hit... But you don't really know what the meal will be ahead of time and sometimes the meal itself might not be your thing. Their duck confit with side of salad has been 60% hit, 40% miss. When it misses, it feels like the duck is old. I don't know how else to describe it. Their sandwiches are usually good but when they're not, it's probably because the inside is still cold and you realize they probably just half heated it up when they took it from the grocery section. The foods from their grocery section I've enjoyed but check the packaged date. I would try to go for items packaged today or yesterday. Their cookies are delicious. Even if they're 4$ a pop.
I ordered the scrambled eggs with asparagus and cheddar; my toast was burnt and the potatoes were just thrown on the plate I think. They lack flavor and don't fit well with the dish. The dish came with fruits but again, I think they were just thrown onto the plate. The hubby got The Toscan and our plates did not have the same number of fruits. I like plating consistency esp when you can count the fruits (I had one less strawberry, pineapple and orange i.e. I only had three fruits on my plate). I really wasn't impressed with the food hence the harsh rating. There are better brunch places in the city than this place. I wouldn't go back.
Breakfast so yummy , their latte is  really good, the staff are very friendly, I ordered the "brunch des canton",the roasted potatoes in duck fat is really phenomenal.
Came here during lunch with a few friends on a Monday. We were seated quickly but the servers took forever to take our orders and even forgot a part of our order. It wasn't even that busy as it was nearing the end of lunch. The pulled pork sandwich was okay. Moist but not very well flavored. The bread was well toasted but bland. The dish was just boring. The salmon tartar was delicious, as was the Bloody Caesar. I was told the gazpacho and chicken sandwich was good. The fish of the day, a white fish, was also bland and dry on the inside.
AMAZING!  The scrambled eggs and goat chess?  To die for!  Everything was superb, including service. You may wait 20 min for acc table, but holy heck us worth it! ! I you must go!
As always, Le Cartet is a nice place to walk into for a well balanced and portioned meal.The Lasagna and Duck Confit are good choices and surprisingly not heavy as one would think.They are welcoming, nice and attentive. Well done and thank you guys.
Everything is good, the decor, the ambiance, the service and the food. The only drawback for me is the price...it's a little steep for brunch.
Le Cartet is a great brunch spot in Old Montreal. While vacationing there with my family last month, we came for brunch on a Sunday morning. I had read that the wait could get pretty long, so we made sure to get there bright and early at 9:30. When we arrived, it was surprisingly almost full already! But luckily we were able to snag one of the few spots left at the long communal table.Two of us ordered the Brunch Toscan, and the other two ordered the Brunch de L'Atlantique. The brunch plates were all huge, and came with a glass of orange juice and coffee each. My Brunch Toscan included poached eggs on English muffins with Mornay sauce, duck fat potatoes, and fresh fruit (orange, grapefruit, and pineapple). The Brunch de L'Atlantique included a smoked salmon bagel, scrambled eggs, salad, sweet potato pancake, and fruit. Everything was delicious, though it seemed like the Brunch de L'Atlantique came with a lot more food!One side of the restaurant is a shop selling chocolates, jams, and other goods, so if you end up waiting for a while you at least have something to look at while you wait. Definitely arrive as early as possible to avoid long lines.
A bit expensive to eat sandwichs... Place is good, service is good but too expensive.
If you are visiting Montreal, staying in Old City and want a great breakfast, this place is a MUST!!! My wife and I are Americans and used to big breakfast plates and we were not disappointed. They do a superb job at putting a unique French spin on breakfast. Their customer service is genuine (we went twice with different servers) and fast and the food is AMAZING!!! I enjoyed their salmon breakfast plate and their version of eggs Benedict. You will love it!
So far this is my favorite restaurant in Montreal!Excellent food and service for a good price. The brunch menu is to die for, lots of healthy option and it's vegetarian friendly. Good coffee as well!
I'm still a bit stuffed from eating here so I thought it would be a great idea to write my review while my memory of the place is fresh and clear.We stumbled across Le Cartet after receiving the cold shoulder over at Olive & Gourmando and while in many regards I'm very glad we did, I do have to say that I had numerous disappointments when you compare price with product.Let's start with the good, eh?The space is open and clean, and houses not only the bustling restaurant but also a small store that sells (overpriced) food items.  Gave us lots to watch.  It is LOUD in there so you might want to cure that hangover a bit before heading in...I had a clear view of the folks behind the counter and everyone was hustling their butts off to try to ensure things - juices, coffees, food - were doled out quickly.English menu had the same items as the French one which is always a welcome experience.Communal seating.  It gave us an opportunity to strike conversations with people on both sides of us.Espresso was excellent.Wait time was reasonable.The ham on the des Cantons plate was one of the best meats I've ever had.  I normally eschew pork products (except when in Prague and at my Grandma's during the holidays) but when the hubby told me I needed to try it (from his plate) then I did.  Actually, all the ham was excellent because my croissant with goat cheese and ham was great as well.  I'd normally have passed the meat off to him but this time I actually ate it!  It wasn't as good as his portion due to different curing/prep styles but it was still better than 98% of the ham I've ever eaten.Server was friendly.Now, on to the bad.The seating system is stupid.  On a rainy day we were lucky to already have made it into the doorway but the people behind us were drenched and confused.  There is no name taking.  Stay in line or else you lose your place.  And in a narrow entrance you constantly have to move around to ensure everyone is getting where they need to be.  God forbid you try to walk past everyone to look in the store or they'll snipe and snarl at you about breaking line.  Sheesh.  Hangry folks over there.  Just trying to pass the time, ok?While our server was friendly she was non-existent.  We never got our orange juice that was included in the meal because by the time she (or anyone) showed back up we were too full to want it anymore.  But since we technically paid for it I think they should have brought it with our food, no?  Especially since they allow absolutely NO SUBSTITUTIONS.  The couple next to us was trying to have a plate with no pork and the refused to remove it from the croissant (where it's just placed in) and had them order a la carte at a cost of almost $8 more.  To NOT have an item?  Especially when they explained it was for religious purposes?  That's sillier than the seating system.The juice isn't fresh squeezed even though I was told it was.  As I was drinking my average tasting mimosa I witnessed them pop open a fresh jug o' juice with a distinct distribution label.  I don't mind a good jug o' juice.  Really.  But don't tell me you squeeze your juice when you don't.  And then not bring it to me.  I'm still a bit miffed about not getting my juice I guess.Bloody Mary is weak and out of a can.Salad was hot.  Not 'wilted' warm but downright hot.  Weird?Eggs were way overcooked but, again, we had no one to tell to rectify that situation.Really a 2.5 star experience but rounding down when factoring in cost.  For over $65 for breakfast for two people I don't think I'll be back nor could I recommend.
Location: Tucked away in the Old Port. The closest subway is Square Victoria, street parking is available but good luck with that. If you're downtown, it's an easy walk so you can skip transit if you want to get some cardio in.The place: Le Cartet is not excessively big but the layout is good, with simple decor and a pretty plentiful boutique at the front. There's usually a line-up on weekends so you'll want to plan accordingly. We arrived around 10:45 and had to wait, but only for about 15-20 minutes. The goods: I went for the 2 eggs with goat cheese on toast, with a side of potatoes (like, about 4 of them). Can't say one bad thing about this simple but tasty breakfast. The eggs were perfectly scrambled and fluffy and had the right amount of cheese, the bread was fantastic (a multigrain, I think) and the potatoes were good. They also know how to make a mean Macchiato, which always makes me happy since many places do not. Quality goods, all around.Service: The service was good, though the waiter couldn't seem to get our bills right. He had to reprint them twice, and both times, they were wrong.   Price point: I forget the exact amount, but it was on par with other breakfast places in town. Their storefront boutique offers a ton of stuff - so if you're in the area and want to grab something real quick, stop in!
This place is amazing!!!  I'm a huge breakfast person so everywhere I go I try and find the best breakfast joint.  I'd say this is the one for Montreal.  It was very crowded on a Sunday morning as I thought it would be but there were a ton of breakfast places near by and they didn't have a line like this one did which tells you how good they are.  We waited about 10 minutes till we were finally sat but in the meantime we perused the little shop they have in front with the pate's, pastries, and jellies.  I ordered a latte which was perfect with the asparagus scrambled eggs.  The eggs were probably the best scrambled eggs I've ever had and the fruit that came with it was actually fresh and delicious.  My bf had a few pastries that they warmed up for us and all of them were delicious.  I'd definitely recommend this place!
Wow just wow. We arrived a few minutes after 9am on a Sunday, and I must say I was surprised by how quickly all the tables around us filled up and how many people came in and out for take out, etc. (Note the outside tables are for eat-in diners only you naughty to-go sandwich grabbers).They have gorgeous huge brunch platters as their signature dishes for eat in and yum yum yum was it worth every penny. The first thing to note is the emphasis on the brunch element of the brunch platter - this will do you for two meals. My "Le Cartet" plate came with a ham and goat cheese croissant (buttery, flaky, light cheesy, smoky ham, YUM), a scrambled egg, a small cup of greek yogurt, a fruit shish kabob (strawberry, orange, grapefruit, pineapple), two slices of cheese, a fig, a salmon cake, and mesclun salad.) WHEW. I could not eat it all. The mimosa was quite strong with pulpy (fresh squeezed?) orange juice. Presentation is important to me, I like my food to look and smell good as well as taste spectacular, and here, too, Le Cartet was a huge hit. The fruit shish kabob was cute, and the salmon cake served as a nice hub for a hub and spoke-esque plate presentation. In addition the plates come with coffee and juice! And I almost forgot the beginning of the meal - a coffee cakeish amuse bouche. Delightful! Each of the flavors was smooth and tasty - not too much salt, everything was balanced by lovely creaminess. Service was attentive, informative, and excellent.
I ordered the brunch cartet and my frend ordered brunch sucre. They are really yummy!! The smoothie of the day is great. But we couldn't not finish them. For girls, you can order two brunches for three or even one for two persons :(But the environment was too noisy I cannot hear my friend talking
Hubby & I came here for weekend brunch. Had the Toasta Mixta and Blueberry French Bread. Very fresh & tasty! Also had a mimosa which was so good. Be prepared, there does tend to be a wait and not all tables are private/separate seating. The second time we came, we got seated in the middle of a long table, with different groups on either end.
If you are looking for a place to brunch in Montreal, look no further. Le Cartet is where it's at! Their brunch options are great as you can get an appetizer, main course and mimosa for under $20. There are also lighter options for those who are not as hungry. I ordered the Trios Minutes which was a boiled egg with 2 whole wheat toasts and fruit. It was great for a light breakfast. My sister ordered the Brunch De L'Atlantique which was a seafood's lover dream. It included 1/2 smoked salmon bagel, scrambled eggs with salmon and a salmon cake. This was served with fruit as well. Le Cartet also has a baked goods and specialty foods section which is great to pick up something after your meal. I got an almond croissant for a snack on the road back to Toronto. I will definitely go back when I visit Montreal again.TIP: Make sure to go early to get a table. It can get quite packed!
Amazing breakfast! I had the scrambled eggs with cheddar cheese and asparagus. Perfectly almost runny eggs on top of country bread. Small portions as the eggs don't cover all the bread. It's about 2 scrambled eggs on top of meant for 3 scrambled eggs. The cheese isn't overwhelming where there is too much or an afterthought where it is put on top after. The duck fat roasted potatoes were rich so don't be alarmed by the fact that there are only 4 halves. You won't eat more than that. The fruit was a nice touch with grapefruit, orange, pineapple and strawberry. My boyfriend had the weekday special of scrambled eggs, beans, ham, bacon, sausage, duck fat roasted potatoes with country bread on the side. The bacon was okay. The sausage was very hard and dry. The ham was however fall of the bone soft and juicy and amazing. Next time I would def do the ham and cheese scrambled eggs.
Waited 40min for this place, definitely definitely worth it!! Once seated, the service was excellent, and the food was delicious. If we hadn't been a bit hungover from being out at Stogies the night before, I would have had a mimosa, they looked awesome. My bf had a skillet of eggs, meat, sausage, and potatoes. I had the eggs with Mornay sauce on an English muffin with ham and spinach. I love how their ham and other meats here is actual ham, not that processed slab of crap you get in the States.There was some other platter that came with fruit and a croissant that looked awesome that I will get next time I go for sure. A definite must if you're visiting Montreal.
The service was good, but the food was not worth what they charge you IMO. $18+ for undercooked bacon (even though it's served on a hot cast iron skillet), hard beans, dry toast- ehhhh. The ham and sausage were good though and the complimentary bread pudding to start is nice.
I loved this place.  Maybe not everyone will agree.   I've gone here twice during my month stay in Montreal's old city district.  The first time I went I had a tofu salad with quinoa (which was good) and the second time I got a selection of croissant, pudding cake, and petits fours (arachide et choco pistache).   Whereas I find there food to be solidly average but a bit overpriced, I am really impressed by their baked goods which are also quite reasonably priced ($2.00 for a croissant, $5.29 for a bag of petits fours, presumably baked on site) and perfectly delicious.   This place is worth gaining a kilo or two during my vacation :-).Oh! And I should also add they appear to have an extensive chocolate bar selection, both international and quebecois.  I will definitely be going back for those!
Very solidly good breakfast, eggs were cooked perfectly. Fast, nice service. They also sell a selection of gourmet foods, jams, chocolate, etc., which was very cool.
The lunch is just ok.. The soup is ok. The salad is great. The pasta is great as well. However, the meat of the day is lamb+pumpkin. The taste is a little bit weird. The fruit salad is not very fresh.
Delicious breakfast. Unique plates and combinations. Tables are a bit tightly packed.
What stood out to me most was the lovely staff. The food is pretty good, but not mind-blowing. I'd still go back though.
We ate here twice on a recent long weekend in Montreal. I love the food and the atmosphere. My wife found her crepes (Sunday brunch) were a little heavy. My eggs with the Mornay sauce were heavenly and came with fresh squeezed orange juice! The wait staff were also superb. Highly recommend for breakfast and brunch.
If you're standing in line for brunch while you read this, please reconsider. There are probably a thousand places that are just as cute within walking distance. Get on your Yelp app and find one of them before you get cranky.We came on a weekday late-morning for brunch and it was still packed with tourists. Which is not a bad thing per se, but it does overburden the staff, who were unsmiling and clearly in the weeds despite the off-hour.Both of our orders were messed up, but we ate them anyway (see above under "cranky"). They were ok, but we're talking about straightforward variations on eggs and potatoes. The space is beautifully designed, hovering somewhere between rustic and hip, but it was filled with flies (see above under "please reconsider"). Yelp has rarely steered me wrong, but this a disappointment that I (as a tourist) felt partly responsible for.
Waiting time is a bit long on this Sunday morning (expected I guess) but the brunch plates are worse it! Fresh orange juice and amazing "latte with maple syrup"!! Must come back and try all the other dishes.
Food & Drink- I always get a benedict or poached egg dish for breakfast, brunch here was no different. The eggs were poached perfectly just the way I like them. - They don't use hollandaise sauce on the benedict, which I would have preferred, but their sauce was also nice and creamy, but not the taste I'm used to. - A side of fruit and potatoes are included - but not much as the benedicts are pretty heavy in themselves. The potatoes are cooked in duck fat and taste divine. - The benedict comes with a fresh glass of OJ, I LOVE FRESHLY SQUEEZED OJ!!- Latte was goodService- The service was great from beginning to end- The waiters were very busy, but came by to check on us at all the right times. We never felt rushed.- The waiters made sure food and drinks came to use in a timely manner after we ordered.
If you're stuck at this part of the Old Port and you have nowhere else to go, ok. Otherwise, there are bunch of other places in Montreal with 10 times better service. The food is ok, nothing special. But I think they don't think their customers as returning customers they don't really care about the service that much. If you're a tourist in Montreal, it means that you have the time to take the cab or the metro to go places. Spend 20 more minutes and go to Lawrence, Manitoba or VORO. Eat better, experience a nicer place. At the end, that's why you're visiting Montreal!If you're a local, I'm pretty sure you won't go here anyways, unless your friends are like "Oh, we found this place but don't remember the name. Let's go there." then you end up here.
We rolled in around 11 for brunch at Le Cartet during a recent vacation and were seated after about a 15-minute wait.  Very tasty; I went with the Brunch des Cantons, which had a ton of meats in a skillet with some eggs and potatoes.  Not earth shattering, but very solid and makes me think I have been getting Canadian bacon all wrong!  Had this with a mimosa on the side and one of their croissants.  I'm not sure I would need to run back here, but my experience was fine and my wife seemed to enjoy herself also.Picnic table-style seating will turn some people off, so if you want a "private" place to eat, Le Cartet is not your boy.  Our service was great, but at the table next to me, the couple who sat down right as we sat down didn't get their food right away and were just getting their brunches as we were leaving.  I'm not sure if that level of inconsistency is normal, but I saw it first-hand!
Two words. ALMOND CROISSANT.It's huge [insert 'that's what she said' joke here] and has a good amount of almond filling. So I would try to split it with someone as a dessert (rather than try to devour the whole thing as breakfast like I did) because it can be a little too heavy for the morning hours.Le Cartet is a cute cafe with plenty of seating. They sell European snacks/gifts in the front (such as jam, candy, coffee, etc.) You can also get your coffee to go. And it ain't just 'coffee' anymore. So many different varieties to choose from!Service was quick (and they're nice enough to give you their wifi password if you're not from town). Do yourself a favor and go get that croissant, NOW!
Came here for brunch with the hubby for Family day weekend.  There was a line up (as per usual) but thankfully the line was still inside and not in the freezing Montreal cold.  We got a seat after 15 min of waiting and they seated me even though my husband wasn't in line with me yet. My husband ordered the brunch des cantons which was a skillet with scrambled eggs, beans and an assortment of meat.  The beans weren't from a can and had a nice sweetness to it.  There was some pork which pretty much melted in your mouth because it was so tender.  The other meats in the skillet were rather lacklustre.  I ordered the scrambled eggs with cheese and asparagus.  It was warm but not hot - there was a significant difference in temperature between my husband's dish and my own (and yes I know his was in a cast iron skillet but still, food should be hot).  The eggs were cooked well (not overdone) but the lack of seasoning and relatively cool temperature of the dish made it a bit off putting. I also ordered a smoothie which interestingly wasn't very chilled (I prefer my smoothies nice and cold) but was otherwise quite tasty.  My husband ordered a bowl of latte which had a very milky taste. Overall, le cartet is good but not great. I don't think I would come back here...if I wanted to wait in line for brunch I think there are better places to go.
There are brunch spots that make bacon and eggs, and then there's Le Cartet. Flawlessly executed breakfasts, great service and an excellent atmosphere, this is probably the most fun I've had at brunch in a while.  It's a little pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for.
Delicious food. Outstanding service. Great vibe. Loved the cappuccino and egg scramble. The fresh yogurt with granola was a standout. They overcharged us for one item, but still forgiven.
Breakfast sausage was nearly as dry as salami? Egg had the consistency of egg that's been under a heat lamp for a half-hour.The coffee here, and frankly at every restaurant I've visited in Montreal, is like Startbucks' drip on a bad day. Hoping to have better luck at a coffee-centric cafe.The only thing good here was the croissant sandwich, which even these guys couldn't get wrong...
We had a quick lunch here.  Considering Montreal host some of the most wonderful cafe and restaurants in the world, we were disappointed.  The cappuccino was a bit diluted.  I had made a mistake to order the cheese plate.  The cheese were in huge square chucks.  They looked like regular packaged grocery store cheese.  The bread didn't taste fresh.  We will not come back again.
I love this place.  The latte's are amazing and their egg dishes are perfect....  I recommend goat cheese scramble with asparagus.  Wonderful!  Lovely, clean environment as well.
Le Cartet is one great place to try for breakfast with their interesting concept of boutique restaurant. Plus, they offer a wide range of products such bottled smoothies, sandwiches, salads, pastries and more. Laid-back crowd, cozy ambiance and delicious food. What can you ask for more? If the weather is great, you can even sit outside. This place definitely get off the beaten track.
This is my go-to brunch place. My boyfriend and I are here almost every weekend, without fail, and the staff knows us. The portions are large, the quality excellent, and the service fast and friendly. The line can get a bit long, but usually with a party of 2 the wait is no longer than 10 minutes. That being said, the wait feels fast I because the walls are covered in exotic chocolate and there is the little market in front with gourmet goods. I always enjoy browsing this section when we're with a bigger group and the wait is long.In terms of best menu items: the latte bowl is a must! No weekend is complete without it. The hot chocolate is also extremely delicious. My favourite brunches are Brunch Sante and Atlantique, but my boyfriend swears by Le Cartet brunch. To be honest, you can't really go wrong here. I highly highly recommend it.
Ambience is great! It wasn't busy and it felt like a great place to sit and do some work for a couple hoursFood was eh. I got the brunch cartet and while tasty, was more like a bunch of random things thrown on the plate.
Love the cozy atmosphere of this place. Little gourmet shop up front where you could shop for a picnic, pastries or fine chocolate to go.For brunch I had the blueberry French toast. It was made on heart bread and topped with homemade apple butter, wild blueberries and sides of maple syrup and whipped cream. Great with kids.
This place was great! Authentic, fresh, cozy, tasty! Close to downtown and the Old City. Just fabulous brunch!!
Had a poached egg and duck brunch. The plate was exquisite, service was top notch and the ambiance was excellent. Just what the doctor ordered. And everyone that works here is a professional. That's quite rare. To top it off, the quality you get for the price is probably unique in MTL for breakfast/brunch. Healthy and more more decadent options are available, the coffee is great and the staff is friendly. Posted this while still seated. Must try.
Love this place. The breakfasts and brunches are original and delicious, and the coffee excellent. Service is fast friendly and attentive. The one downside is that you often have to wait for a table, especially if you want to sit outside. It's well worth the wait.
Arrived just a bit too late for breakfast so we had sandwich. Very good ham and cheese with gazpacho. Very welcoming atmosphere and not very  crowded at lunch time on a Monday. We also had pulled pork and chichen sandwich. The chicken was the beat thing on the table. Will be returning anytime we are in Montreal.
Very good service and atmosphere. Slightly over priced but mind you it's in touristy area of the city. Food quality is very good but it's not the best.
I came here by accident, thought I would have gotten brunch but turned out it was a little bit too late for that. Nonetheless, location wise, this plate is located a little bit far down in a remote area of old port. The restaurant itself is nice, cozy and I love the ambiance of the restaurant. They also sell a small amount of different type of food ranging from to go soup to coffee. Indeed, it does look like a cool spot to enjoy a cup of tea or coffee along side a dessert.Anyway, I had to opted for the meal plate of the day a western variation of Middle East couscous with merguez sausages and cury chicken. Anywho, the plate was okay, I didn't personally fancy this couscous because I thought it lacked some flavour. The sausages didn't have the authentic flavour but still had a western juice inside. Nonetheless, props to the chicken it was cooked perfectly and had an excellent taste. The plate also came with a salad, that was obviously fresh and done with great care.My partner had a latte and a fruit salad. No bad points about these two choices since they both were excellent .Overall , this place feels like a really good joint for coffee or brunch. Anyway , I hope other Yelpers will get to try this place and will love it . I will rate this experience 3.5/5 .
My family and I went on a Monday morning, and it wasn't overwhelmingly busy. Had a cool edgy but modern feel. Everything on the menu seemed appetizing (making my decision quite difficult) but I ended up getting the eggs with goat milk cheese and loved it.
I'm with all those saying this place is decent, but definitely overrated. But that may just be the spoiled New Yorker in me talking.While Montreal does a lot of things right, a hipster-like brunch is not one of them.Before you jump down my throat for using the "H word," look around this place and pick out even one person who doesn't seem to take themselves waaay too seriously. Even our server barely cracked a smile the entire time we saw him buzzing around the restaurant. And the communal tables? Come on, hipster galore.As for the food, it's great if you LOVELOVELOVE eggs - because they have about 20 different varieties of egg dishes - but pretty meh for everything else. During my most recent visit, I got the overpriced bagel with smoked salmon with a couple of fruit slices which were clearly sitting out for a while before being put on my plate.The first time I came I got the Cartet brunch with an assortment of breads and pastries, which was, once again, just a-okay. Nothing to write home about.
Great spot and seems to be popular with the locals. Really good coffee bar and brunch menu.
A beautiful Sunday morning in the city always lends itself to a nice brunch. A couple of Sundays ago, the family was downtown for the weekend so it was the perfect opportunity to head down to old Montreal for a nice family meal. For the occasion, we decided to try out Le Cartet, a place that I had heard many good things about but hadn't had the chance to try yet. This restaurant and boutique offers breakfast and lunch as well as a takeout menu for the many workers in the area during weekdays . On the weekend, the focus switches to brunch. We arrived for the beginning of the brunch service and were able to grab one of the last tables in the back so thankfully we didn't wait long. Given the lineup that was present on our exit an hour later, we made the right call to arrive early. The space is a perfect morning spot - tons of natural lighting, plain white walls and high ceilings. It's a tight fit with everyone cramming in for brunch but still comfortable. The brunch menu at Le Cartet is a combination of classic brunch dishes with some extra twists. The first dish that we ordered was their Coupe Santé - Fresh fruit salad, greek yogourt, blueberries, ginger-honey organic granola and cashew nuts. Wherever they get their greek yogourt, my family would love to know because it was some of the best we've ever had. I love blueberries so that's the perfect option to pair with the yogurt and the granola was wonderful as well - a nice subtle hint of both honey and ginger. Mix everything together and you get a very nice yogurt parfait. The lightest option we tried and a hit for all of us.The second dish we got was the Brunch Cartet - Scrambled eggs with mesclun salad, ham croissant, goat cheese and a sweet potato salmon cake. This was the most unconventional plate we ordered. I could take or leave the salad - it was good but rather unremarkable. The scrambled eggs were very done as one would hope from a breakfast/brunch place. The croissant was fresh and flaky, the ham was solid and the goat cheese was a nice creamy rich touch to a otherwise light plate. The real star in the end however was the salmon cake - nice crunch on the outside while keeping a flaky context inside. I would have loved that element to be more plentiful compared to the rest but a solid dish nevertheless.The final dish was le Brunch des Cantons - Scrambled eggs with country ham, sausage, bacon, baked beans, toast and roasted herb potatoes cooked in duck fat. This dish was completely in my wheelhouse which makes the fact that I didn't order it all the more shocking! Great items here - all the meats were delicious and I am always a sucker with anything cooked in duck fat.Each of these dishes came with an amuse-gueule to enjoy before the meal however we didn't get them during our meal! Our waiter, realizing his mistake, gave us a mini-bag of them on our exit - sucre a la creme. Deliciously rich and sweet - this ended up being a nice way to end the meal rather than start it.Le Cartet was a solid brunch experience - all the dishes were well executed and the service was quick and to the point. Its location makes me a perfect starting point for a nice afternoon in Old Montreal. Whether or not I would stand in line to eat there however is a different question all together. In the end, I would easily recommend you give them a shot -  however arrive early otherwise your day in the old port will become a quick afternoon stroll. Cheers!
LOVED our brunch here.  Brought our baby in a stroller, and while it took a little while to get a table, the staff were welcoming and accommodating.  My brunch was delicious - ham & cheese on a croissant with salad and fruit.  Hubby got the Atlantic platter, and raved about it.  Oh and my lattlé bowl was a GREAT cup of coffee.  Great service.  Bright, sunny and trendy decor.  Fun vibe.  (Note that many of the tables are communal, but with the upbeat and busy vibe, you don't even hear the people beside you).
The locals love Le Cartet, and you should, too.Be forewarned: You'd better have an appetite before choosing the 17$ brunch selection, and I suggest you do so. If you have grabbed a bite at the hotel or something beforehand, order something smaller and come back another day, because, straight-up, this is a fantastic place to eat!
I really liked this spot - it reminded me of a modern café in the financial districts of San Francisco or New York - modern and a bit minimalist with tall ceilings and a somewhat industrial look.We were here for brunch and I thought it was excellent - I had eggs with goat cheese and while it sounds simple, it was such great quality and cooked so well, that it was something special.  We also had some good hot chocolate.  There is a section of prepared food and everything looked great - we took home some pastries and everything was very good.
Le Cartet is pricey but has excellent food and sweet goodies. If you're looking to pick up a gift or grab lunch to go, it's a good place to check out. It's a nice place for a business lunch or for a coffee break while in Old Montreal.
Amazing food and wonderful service! We got there right before it opened and we're lucky to get an outside table. It was a gorgeous day and the breakfast was simply incredible. My husband was not very thrilled with his Salmon cake but other than that scarfed the rest of his and mine down!
If you want to have breakfast in Montreal, you can't go wrong with Le Cartet. Great atmosphere, great food, fast service, even though on a Saturday or Sunday you might have to stand in line. I had to stand in line for about 10 min in +7 weather, but it was worth it. If you look at the pictures I uploaded to Yelp, you'll see that Le Cartet chefs care about presentation and good food. Their yogurt with blueberries and muesli was REALLY tasty. I highly recommend it. Le Cartet is not cheap. You'll pay $17+tax for an average plate, but it's money well spent IMHO. I will surely be back next time I'm in Montreal.
The food was incredible and the place itself is just fantastic, perfect for a sunday brunch if you like a trendy, yet casual ambiance. It has a bit NYC market/bistro charm.
We visited from the States.  Got up late but they were still serving quiche.  Best. Quiche. Ever.  Damn....and the mimosas!!!!
Very trendy coffee place on McGill.Love to go back With friends- its so beautiful inside !!!There is the little shop at the entrane With fine and unique products.You Can even take out prépared meals . they all look good !Coffee is de licousBreakfast are a sure bet!They have big tables for group.
I went here for lunch the other day. I had the salmon sandwhich and my boyfriend had the ham and cheese on a baguette. One word- amazing. Fish tasted fresh and portions just right. We had the pecan whiskey pie to top things off...and wow....heaven on earth. Our waitress was friendly and I got to practice my french with her. Its been two days and I can't stop thinking about the pie!
Excellent and unique brunch. Good ambience. Lines could be little long but they move it fast. We had the salmon and the ham croissant.
Le Cartet is a great spot for a weekend brunch in Old Montreal. The ambiance is so cheerful and the staff is very friendly. Be sure to order something from the brunch menu. It's a bit more expensive than your typical breakfast place, but the brunch menu includes free coffee and orange juice refills. You also get a little amuse-bouche before your meal. Plus the portion of the food is enormous!
The food is good, limited choice! Not a traditional breakfast place! Line up, busy and overpriced! Won't be going back, but just because it's not my kind of breakfast place and not worth the price!
I love this cute resto/boutique! I stayed across the street at St. Paul and it was such a nice quick walk to a place that has so much to offer. I had Scrambled Eggs with Toast (scrambled with goat cheese), side of fresh delicious fruit and potatoes and Maple latte. It was the perfect start to my day! I also came back two days later to buy some goodies to take back to my office-mates. The cashier suggested Caramel Pecans and Maple Covered Almonds -- both of them are yummy, not so indulgent yet so "uniquely Montreal."
I LOVE the brunch here! I've been coming here every other weekend since moving to Montreal! The service is quick and friendly. The seating is casual, and they have a huge variety of chocolates at the front to purchase! I work nearby so I come here often to grab lunch, or a chocolate snack. The brunch is only served on weekends! I highly recommend it. I would come again and again!Food -  Amazing!Service - Friendly and quickAmbiance - CasualWorth the money - Yes!
Was on vacay and it was so good we are here twice! The little shop in the restaurant has amazing treats including gluten free baked goods. Breakfast was incredible with gluten free choices and delicious coffee.
J'adore le cartet! My boyfriend found this incredible brunch spot, and it's since become our favorite in le Vieuxport! Le petit dejuner est tres delicieux et l'ambiance est amical.
My traveling group enjoyed breakfast here two mornings of our recent long weekend excursion.  Thanks to some preliminary Yelp research, we knew we had to get there early to avoid a wait, so we arrived between 9:30 and 10:00 both Saturday and Monday morning and got right in.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a large party, but we were lucky and snagged one of the long bench tables for our party of 8.  I really liked the modern vibe here, kind of a chic breakfast loft is how I'd describe it.  Service was polite and efficient with minimal banter.  Given the line out the door as we left, I gather they're very interested in turning tables over at a reasonable rate.  The food was quite good and felt way more wholesome than a Denny's or an IHOP.  On my first visit I had the coupe santé with the ginger granola and blueberry yogurt.  I don't know quite how to describe it, but the yogurt was incredible.  It had the consistency of Greek yogurt, but tasted creamier and less tart than the Chobani in my fridge.  The fruit alongside was amazingly fresh and despite my reservations, there was more than enough food to keep me fueled until mid-afternoon.  My second visit I sampled the torta mixta.  This Portuguese sandwich was not exactly teeming with French-Canadian influence, but I was so intrigued by the addition of mustard to the egg sandwich.  I've never had it that way and I must say, it works.  C'est magnifique!     A short walk from our hotel, Le Cartet was a great way to start our mornings in my favorite weekend getaway city.  I imagine there will be at least one repeat visit on our next trip up.
I came here after reading the good Yelp reviews. It's a pretty solid place, but the long line on weekends for brunch is somewhat off-putting. We figured it must be good if this many people are lining up, so we stuck it out for ~30-45 mins. despite being really hungry! I can't say they manage the line that well. There's a long line and it took me a while to figure out that it was for the coffee/tea counter (you can get a drink to sip on while  you wait). I was confused if it was only a take-out line or not. I stood there for a while, then someone took my name down and added it to a list. We had to awkwardly hang around the boutique section at the front of the restaurant while we waited (mmm, everything there looks so tasty... fancy olive oils, Kusmi teas, pre-made salads...). I can see why it's popular -- the decor is very understated-chic and the communal tables are nice. Food-wise, I expected more and price-wise, I wouldn't say they offer great value (brunch plates $15-16). I had the brunch Cartet which was huge. I liked that it came with a big salad. The croissant with ham and goat cheese was yummy. The scrambled eggs were kind of cold and the salmon was just ok. My DC's eggs benny looked overcooked; the yolk wasn't drippy like it's supposed to be. Definitely get a mimosa though. That's something they do well here and after the long wait, you'll need one.
It's a charming place with great service, but food quality wasnt memorable, especially given the price. We ordered the brunch sucre and brunch de l'Atlantique. It comes with a glass of Fresh orange juice and a some pieces of chocolate bread. I though the food was very salty if savory and not flavorful enough for the sweet.
My boyfriend and I came here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. We waited on line for a total of maybe 10-15 minutes and was luckily seated at a two-person table. You WILL get seated next to strangers at a larger table (especially during busy hours), so for those who find settings like that uncomfortable, I would recommend you tell the hostess first thing. I can't exactly remember the brunch combo I ordered but it consisted of a bagel with CC and smoked salmon, some scrambled eggs, a sweet potato pie cake, along with fruit on the side. The combo plates are very big and are served in appropriate portions so you leave feeling satisfied in all aspects. My boyfriend ordered the crepes and really enjoyed the little pastry served with applesauce and blueberries. Brunch also comes with unlimited coffee and fresh orange juice. Overall, a great brunch experience and highly recommended.
Went here for brunch during my stay in Montreal and was very pleased. It had the perfect ambience for a brunch spot and the food was tasty! Prices were reasonable. Got one of the brunch meals and was pleasantly surprised by the portion size. Although it was a bit much for me, it was a wonderful size for my boyfriend. We topped our brunch off with a lovely dessert, a tasty croissant with chocolate inside. Loved it! Also, the mimosa (which was an add on) was nice and potent, just the way I like it.
I just ate the chocolate cherry muffin and it was the best muffin I ever had
This was the very first restaurant I came to upon my arrival in beautiful Montreal. My sister said it was a good breakfast spot and she was right! I ordered a BLT bagel and my sister had the Brunch Sante dish (which came with granola & yogurt, fruit, poaches eggs, cheese, etc.). I really enjoyed this quaint little café; it was cozy, had great service, and a wonderful ambiance that made me feel like I was in a different country... oh wait, I was! Anyway, this was a great place to kick off my vacation and get breakfast. If I lived nearby, I can totally see myself coming here regularly.
I had a great Sunday breakfast/brunch here. I ate the Brunch des Cantons which is eggs, country ham, bacon, sausage, baked beans and potatoes served in a cast iron skillet. It was definitely hearty but exactly what I needed after a late night and every component of the dish tasted awesome. Turns out it was the only meal I needed for the entire day.
I wish I found this place the first morning we arrived in Montreal because I would have been there everyday for breakfast. Cons: -Pricey for breakfast. There was 3 of us and with one coffee and one breakfast platter each we payed over $90 with tax and tip. -Gets crowded fast. We luckily came a little early and didn't wait longer then 10 mins (bonus: outside tables are just first come and taketh- you don't have to wait on the line)Pros: -The most delicious breakfast I have had in a very very very long time. I ordered a salmon bagel plate. It's came with a bagel with lox and cream cheese with onions and these deliciously huge capers. The bagel was thin, crunchy on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside. It also came with a salmon biscuit (baked salmon and some flour) which was flavorful and not too dry. There was also a side omelet which I just couldn't fit in my stomach. And some fruit and small salad. My boyfriend had a delicious breakfast meat platter with fried beans served on cast iron. Came with some delicious toast too. I woke up today dreaming about another breakfast like this. It's a most to visit.
Excellent service, OK food, generic rustic-hipster décor. On a Sunday, the place was packed and the temperature inside was approximately 7,000 degrees. Go there for the people-watching and the attentive service and the proximity to Old Port tourist attractions.
Long wait for food and not very accommodating for strollers but the food was good and the shop in front was nice to browse while waiting
A lively atmosphere with a great vibe.Baked goods as well as some confectionery was sold in front.A bright and modern room greets diners on a mixed of private smaller tables and long communal tables.We got got lucky and was sat right away.Those who came in a few second after us had to wait for around 15 - 30 minutes.I ordered their signature dish, which was served in a skillet with beans, sausage, bacon, ham, potato and eggs.  I was told this was their most popular dish and had high expectation.  Sadly, I was a bit let down.  While presentation was unique, it was nothing special and quite pricy for what you get at $17.  My companions ordered the crepe and the blueberry french toast - and were very happy with their choices.Service was very professional and efficient.I would come again, but order some different next time.
Came here originally for breakfast but unfortunately it ended by 11am. I got there at 1111am so I had to wait around 10-15 minutes for the kitchen to prepare their brunch/lunch menu. I ordered the vegetarian panini with their soup of the day. It was delicious and well presented. Definitely one of my favourite brunch places in Montreal. Located in a lovely area as well. Staff are really friendly and hospitable.
Wonderful breakfast!  I enjoyed the goat cheese scrambled eggs on toast.  The eggs were light/fluffy and the goat cheese had a great flavor.  The decor of the restaurant is rustic modern and had a warm feel.  It was also nice that there was free wifi and they serve illy coffee.
Cute place. Solid breakfast. Staples, nothing too fancy. The staff is nice, and the little shop in the front is a nice place to pick up some French food-based gifts. My favorite part was the espresso & the great chocolate-pistachio croissant!
Loved brunch here! Not alot of selection but you sure get the most for your buck!I got the smoked salmon dish. All was great except for the sweet potato salmon ball. Staff were very friendly. Would definitely recommend.
Breakfast in Montreal!! the lineup is out the door and the wait was about 45 min. after a big mug of latte, i feel a bit more relaxed and less grumpy. For four people, we ordered the crepe meal, salmon meal, and a egg benedict meal ( the actual names are in french, i have no idea) and that was quite enough. Our waitress was helpful and she was happy to help us out. Everything was good except the salmon cake and salmon egg - it was a bit fishy, did it come from a can? I wasn't liking my fishy smelly egg thingy in the kremlin - all the other foods were good. Cute decor, great crowd, packed restaurant. I really enjoyed  my meal here. I thought I'd have enough stomach space for a croissant in the end.. all the baked goods look so amazing at the entrance. Maybe i'll come again in the future just for the baked goods!free wi-fi, that's always a bonus!
I have to confess to eating the same breakfast three days in a row. Why mess with a good thing? Two scrambled eggs with mushrooms and spicy sausage. very friendly staff and very comfortable space. Will come again when next in town
Wow!  My wife and I had an amazing breakfast 2 days in a row here.  I can't say enough about this place, the food, the staff, I can go on and on.  Despite the line just outside the door, it moves pretty fast.  And it's worth the wait if at all.
My favorite brunch in Montreal.  There is an Atlantic plate of different salmon dishes that is up there among the best brunch that I have ever had.  Featuring a salmon cake, smoked salmon eggs, smoked salmon on a Montreal bagel and an amazing salad, I salivate thinking about it.  That said, I clearly love salmon and have never seen so many salmon options on one plate.  That might not be for everyone.The service is efficient and the space is inviting.  Despite being a large group, we weren't in any way hurried.  Love it.
The food there is amazing and they have something new as daily special everyday. I had their pasta special for lunch today.
It was a bit of a walk from the nearest Metro station, but so worth it. So so so delicious. Probably the best meal I had in Montreal.We came here for brunch on a Saturday morning, around 10. There were quite a few empty tables, but by the time we left the place was full and there was a line for seating. I ordered the Brunch Toscan. Basically egg's Benedict, with a side of potatoes, assorted fresh fruit, along with some really delicious coffee and freshly squeezed OJ. The egg's Benedict was bomb, and not overly salty and the sauce was rich, but not overpowering. The fresh fruit wasn't the normal crappy fruit you get at most places. Stawberry, grapefruit, orange, and pineapple. Yummy. All that food and drink for 16 bucks, not a bad deal at all. I was stuffed by the end of the meal and like a true brunch, couldn't even think about eating for many hours after. I also got to eat some of their fresh baguette and croissant. Both were excellent! This is a MUST on every trip to Montreal, and I will definitely be back when I return.
Nice place, clean, cozy and inviting environment. Suits all ages (They have crayons and menu for kids).The staff is nice and knowledgable.The prices are decent.But I would say the food is decent, not that extraordinary or special..They also have a little shop to buy teas or chocolates which is nice! (although pricey)Tip: Come early (9am) on Saturday and get a great brunch! It gets busy afterwards..
I was expecting more from Le Cartet given their reviews.  We arrived at 11:30am on a Sunday and waited 45 minutes for a table.  My iced coffee consisted of hot coffee pour over ice.  The ice melted after two sips.  I ordered the 2-minute egg with ham and cheese and toast.  The egg and the toast were good.  The ham and cheese were disappointing.  They looked like they were from a supermarket deli.  I would not recommend this restaurant.  It was not worth the wait.
AMAZING BRUNCH!!!great portion size, good service, roomy seatings & good atmosphere!it's located a few blocks from the notre-dame bascilica, so we had a great walk after the brunch too..
Despite there being lots of people waiting, we got a seat outside with the dog within about 5 minutes, both times we went here. The big fry-up was incredible, and the healthy breakfast was delicious. The service was fast and friendly, and they even brought out a bowl of water for the dog.
This place was spectacular. Stopped in after walking around the city, and my initial impression was that it's a beautiful place! The service is really great and on point, and the food is the best I've ever had for breakfast (even compared to many European restaurants, cafes, and bistros). The price was fine for what we ordered, and the coffee was very good. I recommend a trip to Montreal just to go here.
The brunch here is really killin the game. You dont get it like that here in the states. It was some serious eats. The eggs and meats are done right and the juices are super fresh, like squeezed to order type ish. If you are in Montreal and want a good brunch spot, check this place out. .The community table was cool and everyone was friendly there. They also have alot of stuff you can buy to take back home
Had their salmon tartar plate! Nice vibe and little boutique products right at the entrance! :)
Le Cartet is a mix of a chic boutique and a lively brunch house. Long tables that are shared amongst customers take up majority of the space. At the front of the business, one can find savory quick-meals or snacks to go, like sandwiches, salads, chocolates, muffins, smoothies, and so much more.Peak hours can cause a long and tedious wait, but it is so worth it, especially when you get to feast away on potato wedges fried in duck fat aside creative and unique variations of eggs, french toast, bacon, and whatnot. Moreover, the coffee is freshly brewed, and the juice is squeezed on the spot. A local hotspot that is not overpriced, but reasonable in regards to its location in Old Montreal. Definitely worth the visit!
Outstanding Sunday brunch.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Delectable meats, farm fresh eggs and garden vegetables.  Friendly service.  Fantastic ambiance.
As an infrequent visitor of Montreal, Le Cartet is one of my favorite restaurants for breakfast and brunch. Such wonderful food that I think is healthful but doesn't taste like health food.  Despite the bustling flow of people through the place, the staff remains enjoyable.  Love love love this place and wish we had one here in New York!
This is a very nice spot for brunch. With tables both separate and communal, they pack 'em in. The illy coffee is too bitter for my taste but the food was well done. As most spots in Old Montreal, it has a painted brick wall and industrial ceiling which didn't make it too noisy. But, I sat next to the wall which had an accumulation of crumbs on its ledge.
We met up with the boyfriend's mum and sister for a weekend in Montreal while his sister was at a conference and decided to try to find a good place to walk to for brunch in Old Montreal, near where we were staying. With the help of Yelp, I found Le Cartet.The space is long and thin, going way, way back. There is lots of space if you are coming with a bigger group, but it was pretty busy. If they take reservations (I'm not sure, the three of us walked in) it would be a good idea to make some for a larger group. You walk through a small market on your way in where you could grab pre-packaged sandwiches, salads and the like if you're in a hurryPart of what attracted us to this place was the really nice brunch options -  they're definitely unique. I really liked that you could order dishes that included a little bit of everything, perfect for someone like me who often has angst about what we're forgoing to order our meal. I had the Brunch Cartet, he had the Burnch Toscan and his mum had the Brunch de l'Atlantique. Everyone really enjoyed everything, though my scrambled eggs were cooked harder than I prefer and the croissant wasn't as flakey as you can sometimes get in Montreal, the variety made up for it. Go with an appetite, though, because all of these brunches are a lot of food!The fresh Illy coffee was also tasty and especially appreciated because it was a chilly morning, and I liked that coffee and fresh squeezed juice were included with brunch (or a mimosa! but none of us partook) It was a little pricey for breakfast, but not too bad for brunch (around $17 each) I'd definitely recommend this place for a nice brunch or breakfast in Old Montreal, which is an area that can be really hit and miss for food.
My wife and I were looking for a nice breakfast spot during our recent visit to Montreal.  Thank you Yelpers for recommending Le Cartet!  We liked it so much we went back again the next morning.  I had delicious croissant and toasted baguette with a soft-boiled egg and fruit.  The wife did even better with toasted banana/coconut bread and greek yogurt with fresh blueberries.  (I had that the second day.  Win!)It's not so impressive from the street, but inside the decor is lovely - clean and simple.  Service was very friendly.After a week of eating in restaurants full of tourists, it was nice to be in a place favored by the locals.  Most of the clientele had their bags and briefcases and were clearly on their way to work.  Wish I had a place like this near my house!
This fantastic place is located a short walk from the Old Montreal center. I had a beautiful brunch platter that came with a buttery croissant with goat cheese and ham, a fruit salad, green salad, salmon cake, cheese, fig, and scrambled eggs. Delicious mimosas too! The staff is warm and friendly. Excellent meal and service.
Amazing and authentic food served in a really appealing cast iron skillet still sizzling. There was no wait for us and the service was great. I also highly recommend the maple croissants.
delicious brunch. I had the poached eggs with spinach, ham on an english muffin. It was good. pretty atmosphere and good service.
I wanted to love this place, and based on all the positive Yelp reviews I thought I would, but it was mostly just average. We got there for brunch around 10:30am on a Sunday morning and the line was already well out the door for a table, so I would suggest getting there early. We got lucky and since all the people ahead of us were parties of 3 or more and we were just 2, we got to jump the line and only waited about 15 min total. I had the scrambled egg with asparagus and chedder on toast, with fruit and potatoes. The egg was actually pretty good, but the toast was a bit burned and too crispy. The fruit was fresh and enjoyable. As for the potatoes, I generally love potatoes made any way, but I didnt like them at all and only ate a bite. Im not sure why you would cook potatoes in duck fat, because it mostly left them just tasting weird and too sweet (to me, Im aware other reviewers loved them).  Overall it was an acceptable breakfast, but I wouldnt go back. Breakfast is usually my favorite meal, and I love breakfast foods, but there just wasnt anything here to make me want to come back.
Pretty good but clearly overrated.
Get there before 11 or else be prepared to wait.  We got there at around 10:15 and by the time we left there was a long line. Staff was very nice and very observant. Always making sure we were satisfied.  Got the brunch sucre and it was so tasty. A lot of food though so if you're not hungry, you might want to go with something smaller.  My friend had the croissant and he likes it as well.  Also a little pastry shop if you want just a quick bite to munch.  Good food and nice breakfast place. Thumbs up!
Having worked for a year in the Cité Multimédia, Le Cartet was a go-to for lunch time when I had to grab a take-out. I especially love their 'epicerie' style section, where they offer a nice variety of chips and snacks, imported European products (that wasabi mayonnaise I found there, amazing!), and a nice take-out dishes that you could grab and bring back to your office. The downside of it? It can get pricey, and it's crowdy since it's sooooo popular during lunchtime.
I'm a big fan of the brunch here! dejeuner santé is yum!
A-ok...
Awesome coffees, lots of options. The orange black moka is not to be missed. The bowls of latte are decadent. The breakfast is heart but not heavy. Wanted to try tge almond croissant and their french toast but we missed it, thats what you get for showing up for a late breakfast. Next time we will come earlier. Definitely recommend this as the breakfast place to be.
Excellent brunch/breakfast.  This place offers a variety a breakfast dishes that taste amazing.  I am not a breakfast fan, but this place changed my mind
Long wait at 11:45 am on a Saturday, accompanied by expensive (yet terrible) food. Would never come back. Not sure why so many people are willing to wait. For god's sake, walk 10-15 minutes to Olive et Gourmando instead. Worst brunch I've had in a long time. Why is this so highly rated on Yelp!?!
My wife and I went to La Caret when we visited Montreal for our anniversary last weekend.I'm seriously thinking about driving 6 hours back there this weekend just for more breakfast. It's that good.I was a little nervous about the communal seating - I'm a big dude and not always the most social fellow, so I thought I'd find being packed in next to total strangers to be very uncomfortable. It turned out to be fine. I think the fact that the people on either side of us were speaking French and we were speaking English helped it feel less weird. Plus, I had more room at this communal table than I usually have on the train or even in some restaurants where the "individual" tables are like six inches apart.The food was just fantastic. Seriously amazing. You know how when you're a kid if you say you love something someone says "If you love it so much, why don't you marry it?" Well I would marry this breakfast skillet, that's how much I love it. Which if the Republicans in my country are to be believed, will be legal about ten minutes after we recognize same sex marriage.
Great breakfast place with delicious coffees, juices, and breakfast specialties.  Croissants were flakey, hot breakfasts were yummy and service was friendly and fast.  On weekends will require a wait, but there is a charming shop up front with a selection of gourmet items from all over the world.  Nice ambiance with high ceilings and exposed brick walls.   Local crowd.
Located in old Montreal, long lineup, great atmosphere, small boutique for gourmet chocolates and teas. If you're looking for big dishes with greasy bacon and sausages, this is probably not the place for you. This resto is similar to Parisian bakeries, the croissant, baguettes and confitures- my kind of establishment. I got the brunch santé and my yogurt was soooo good, creamier French style yogurt, love it. The artisanal breads were good and overall this place is a winner for me, I like simple breakfast with great coffee.
Went there for brunch with friends on Saturday. I ordered the Brunch Toscan and I have never had such a stale english muffin before. The bottom was so stale that it was difficult to cut. I was super hungry, and I've used a saw before so I managed. But it was unpleasant and didn't taste very good.I left some behind to show to the waiter who seemed to just shrug it off like who cares. Super bizzare. Even McDonalds would have apologized or something. Definitely odd to have such poor quality control.However my friends ordered different stuff and seemed to enjoy it. So maybe some things are good here.Oh and the amuse bouche to start was great, so some points for that.
Waiting in line at customs got you down? Has it already been an hour and a half? Getting hungry? Le Cartet is just around the corner. Lovely, well-designed spot. I can't speak to the sit-down part of this joint, but the prepared foods were just what I needed. I bolted right in and out at lunchtime on a Monday. Grabbed a sandwich, H2O + CO2 and three madeleines. $14. Delicious and took the edge off my wait. The Madeleines were particularly light and fresh. They also had freshly made Pasteis de Nata, which was a cool surprise. I love the Portuguese influence in Montreal. Coffee is OK. Really ought to be better, tho. Too automatic, not enough craft.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
Overrated..Atmosphere: Too many seats so they can pack as many people in to make the most $ in the least amount of time. It's not comfortable and it's not cool to eat elbow-to-elbow with strangers, especially when one person is coughing continuously and it's so hot in the room you know it's a hotbed of colds and flu waiting to happen. It's a condo decor-as-restaurant-themed location that's so over and tired; but if the diners are impressed, who cares, because they don't know any better.Food: For lunch, quiche (too many rosemary sprigs), and pulled pork sandwich (cinnamon, cumin, and clove?) and leek soup with hard pieces of stalk.Service: When the server removed our plates that were more than 2/3 full, there was no question about whether we liked our dishes. There are better places in the neighbourhood by far.
I found out about this place when reading a 3 year-old NYTimes 36 Hours in Montreal article.  It was near our hotel and gave it a shot.  We arrived at 10am for Sunday brunch and were fortunate that the wait was modest (10min).  When we left, the line was out the door.First, the dining space is very cool.  It is clean, airy, and has a loft like feel.  They really did a good job in optimizing a slightly narrow and long space.  My wife ordered the Brunch Sante and very much enjoyed it.  I got the De L'Atlantique (basically salmon three ways).  Overall, mine was pretty good although I didn't care for the salmon in the sweet potato cake.  Also, I did not think the fruit and salad were fresh.  Finally, in a city with awesome croissants, the one I had from here was easily the worst I've had.  It was stale and uninspired.Despite some misses with the food, I definitely would come back and would recommend it to others.  The overall experience was very pleasant which was facilitated by the great staff and the vibrant atmosphere.  Plus the free refills on brewed Illy Coffee that comes with the brunch orders (the main initial draw for me) were terrific.
I won't lie the 2 of us considered other brunch options when we walked in at about 11am on a Sunday morning - there were dozens of people waiting to be seated! However, the server quickly took our name and we only waited about 15mins to be seated. Our wait gave us time to peruse the grocery store section - the shelves were filled with a plethora of goodies; olive oils, chocolates, gourmet pastas, preserves.... made me wish I was a better cook!We loved the restaurant with its open kitchen, high ceiling and bright airy feel. The little decor details, fall flowers and mini pumpkins, were a nice touch. We were seated at the communal tables - you have just enough space to eat comfortably and its great if you enjoy a little eavesdropping like I do!Menu isn't extensive but well thought out - there's bound to be a choice for you whether you're feeling "sucré, salé or santé"Their specials (all about $15) come with coffee and juice (or a mimosa for a little extra!)Rather than bread, they brought us a few pieces of apple cake to start - delicious and a nice detail. I had the Brunch des Cantons - their version of the big breakfast - served in a cast iron pan. It had ham, sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, beans, and potatoes, as well as a side plate of bread and fruit.  It was good and filling without being too heavy.Service was good - attentive but not overly so. The woman seated next us complained that her mimosa didn't have enough of a kick and was immediately brought a second, complimentary one. Would definitely reccomend for brunch.
I read the reviews and really wanted to try this place out. We sat on the patio and have to say that we really enjoyed the meal. The quality of the food was great. I had the Brunch L'atlantique which was a great blend of smoked salmon serviced in a variety of different ways. I enjoyed them all except for the salmon cake which was a variation of the classic crab cake. It was a bit too salty and maybe over-capered  for my taste but overall it was ok. My friend had the Brunch Sucre which was crepes, French toast and yoghurt with fruits. He liked his meal (being a real sweet tooth) and the portions were great. Best value was that fresh squeezed orange juice came with your brunch. Well worth finding this place and the only thing I'll remember for next time is to make sure to wait and try eating inside. It looked like a great place inside, even though we enjoyed sitting on the patio. It reminded me of places in Europe. Thanks for a great meal.  We'll be back!
A great place to eat-in, but A-OK for take out.  Since I do more take out than eat-in I give it a 3 star rating.  I don't know why the take out food can't be as great as their eat-in selection, which is so fantastic...
The brunch here was amazing. I got the ham and cheese croissant sandwich, but I wish I could have ordered everything. The tables are very close together so everyone's food around me looked amazing as well. The service was good and the server was very nice. I also thought the store was really cool, and wish I wold have bought some of the stuff (especially the chocolate)! My only complaint was that the mimosa was pretty much orange juice, but it was fresh squeezed so I guess that's okay.
What a cute and friendly little place!!  I loved the hustle and bustle of the brunch crowd.  The only thing that was a little confusing was getting a seat.  We put in our name on a list and what we do in Chicago is wait outside until they find us.  But you can see there's a queue so after like 20 mins I got in line and bingo! we were seated.  I don't know if it was timing or if we should have been in the line all this time.Its a little on the pricey side but one breakfast should be a splurge, right?  We all started w/ mimosas which were great but not for me.  I cannot stand pulp.  I know I'm a weirdo.  I'd rather have Tang than fresh squeezed.  It was too chunky for me but I'm sure everyone else loved it.  I had coffee which was very good.  I got an almond croissant to start/share.  It was amazing!!  We also wanted some cheese so we got the $8 plate which was all good stuff.  I had the goat cheese scramble on toast.  I was so homey and comforting!  They do not skimp on the cheese!  I would have loved more bread but the other diners had extra so no biggie.  They both got this meaty, beany,  cowboy skillet which must have been great.  For a good 10 mins none of us were talking!After we checked out the little store and bought some candies.  I spent a lot but they were all oh so good and I think...not available in Chicago.I'd seek this place out if I were in Montreal again.
I stumbled upon this place when I was in Montreal on vacation. A large group of my friends stumbled upon it, with no guidance from me, when THEY were in Montreal on vacation. Most recently, I convinced a group of colleagues to rush here for a quick pre-airport breakfast when I was in Montreal on business.The reactions are, without fail, unanimous declarations of adoration. What more do you need?
VIBE The decor at Le Cartet is awesome. Cool castor-esque light bulbs hang down from the ceilings. Cool cut outs of maps are on the wall and big pots of poinsettas are in the back. I can see it's a buzzy type of place for brunch/lunch. I came for lunch but where Le Cartet really misses out is on its service. I was not greeted. I was not asked normal things like: would you like something to drink? I had to ask for the specials. I ATE I had the salmon sandwich. It was a decent sandwich but I assumed I'd have slices of salmon as opposed to it being a creamy mishmash of a tuna melt. It was solid food but way overpriced with a measley green salad for $15. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Le meh. That said, I would come back if I'm directly in the area for ambiance or to buy something in the market. Otherwise, it's a bit on the edge of Old Montreal and out of the way for something that is ho-hum.
My two previous visits to Le Cartet during prior visits to Montreal were unsuccessful, as I always seemed to have a knack for arriving just as their kitchen was closing. I was excited to get there at 11am on a weekday to find the kitchen open, but my happiness was crested when I found out that only a limited menu was served in the time between breakfast and lunch. So, begrudgingly, I chose a goat cheese and vegetable frittata -- one of only two options available. Given that there were only two options, I thought I'd get some sort of half-assed meal, but I was totally wrong -- the frittata was awesome: fluffy, perfectly cooked, and served in an individual glazed cast iron ramekin (I'm a sucker for food in individual compartments). I also ordered orange juice, which was fresh-squeezed but not too pulpy.  On my way out, I grabbed some prepared food from the cold cases near the front of the shop to stock the fridge in my nearby rental. Delicious, and without the prefab food taste or feel you might get at other delis.  The best thing about my visit, however, was non-food related -- the cafe has this great artwork on the walls by an artist named James Kennedy (jameskennedy.ca), who uses hot rolled steel to produce these really interesting (and reasonably priced) pieces. My partner and I dug the art so much, we contacted the artist and purchased a piece. So, thanks to Le Cartet, I left with a happy tummy AND a very cool souvenir of my trip to this amazing city. :)
I LOVE this place. Every time I visit Montreal this is a must. I also hope that it never changes. For me, this is the perfect breakfast spot. Even if there is a line, it's worth it! Everything I've ever tried has been amazing. I'm fond of the savory skillet dishes (with a free orange juice and fresh bread), but also a big fan of the crepes. It's good if you go with multiple (that was you can share!). Go hungry, leave extremely satisfied.On the way out, don't forget to stop at the store and get some goodies to go. I opted for the Dolfin Lavender Chocolate bar. YUM!Please open a branch in Brooklyn, NY. Pretty please?
Buyer beware!!I will not be back...not because the food was bad, but because I am too frugal.  I ordered granola with soy milk (because I am lactose intolerant and couldn't do the yogurt) and fruit dish plus coffee.  It cost about $14.  I had to get another breakfast beacuse it wasn't enough food.  So, it was tasty, but NOT FILLING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I had half a cup of granola at that!  They also charged me $0.75 more for a tiny thing of soy milk even though the yogurt is more expensive.  Go figure and go broke.Potatoes are cooked in duck fat.  Total bill was $40 for 2 of us.
Located on a broad yet quiet stretch of McGill near the Old City, Le Cartet looks like jumps straight out of the pages of a travel guide.  It's a big lofty space with crafty art pieces hanging on white brick walls, with lamps hanging down from the ceiling.  Diners are packed close together at small tables or at one of the larger communal ones.  With a small market boutique in the front and the restaurant operation in the back, it practically screams twee, but the food is good and the service is quick.After waiting for 20-30 minutes to sit down, I ordered the Atlantic breakfast platter, while the BF opted for the Sweet.  Both of our plates included coffee (and a mimosa for a few bucks more), as well as an avalanche of food.  My dish included scrambled eggs with smoked salmon, half a bagel dressed with lox, cream cheese, onions, and capers, a mesclun salad, fruit, and a salmon croquette, and it was more than enough.  Everything tasted really good on the whole, although the croquette was a bit dry and crusty.  His dish included crepes, french toast, fruit, and yogurt with granola.  The crepes were very good; not too sweet but just the right amount.  The french toast was not nearly as tender as I normally like (tasted a bit dry), but the subtle addition of the nuts, as well as the applesauce, added a bit of complexity.The menu is varied enough without being overwhelming, and the vibe is very mixed.  There are young people, old people, families, couples, and singles.  Considering what we ordered, the prices are pretty reasonable.  My only complaints would be the lack space available for people to wait for tables, as well as eating in.  It also may be a bit noisy if you're trying to carry on a conversation.  But otherwise, this is a perfectly fine brunch spot with good food and a great atmosphere/scene.
I was visiting Montreal and looking for a new brunch place when Le Cartert came up in conversation. While the location in old port is a bit touristy, don't let it full you this place is great. Service and atmosphere were both good. Brunch options on the sweet and savoury side were plentiful and the salmon brunch was incredible! It came with naturally a bagle and lox, fruit, perfectly fluffy scrambled eggs with salmon and some salad. topped up with a latte bowl for a winning brunch!Surprisingly reservations were not needed.
Great breakfast even though the line was 25 minutes long at 10 AM.  They have a great little store selling food goods like chocolate and foie gras among many other delectables.  Great service, too.
Great brunch in Old Port.Most places in Old Port are either overrun with tourists or overpriced. Le Cartet is neither. The wait can be a little long for brunch, but it is worth it.$15 for for a cast iron skillet filled with meaty deliciousness. Also decent vegetarian and pescatarian options.Craft beer too.
Lately le Cartet has become my regular breakfast spot. I enjoy the communal table seating and the interesting art found on the walls.The food isn't half bad either, the atlantique brunch and the soft boiled eggs are my favorite toped off with a cafe au lait in a bowl. Everything at le Cartet is good I've never heard anyone complain about the food.The service on the other hand can be hit or miss, if one of the waiters friends happens to drop in for a coffee you could find yourself waiting for them to finish the conversation before they come take your order. All in all Le Cartet is very nice place with good food and OK service, just remember this is old Montreal so the prices are old Montreal prices a little expensive.
Came on a Saturday morning at 9:30am and we were seated immediately, service was very nice.  I greatly enjoyed my Brunch Des Cantons, perfectly cooked beans and various pork.  My fiance liked her Brunch Sucre, but wasn't blown away by it.  Solid Coffee and OJ included with brunch.  All in all a very pleasant experience.
I found this gem on my Yelp App while searching "great breakfast spots".  I had every intention of waking up at 8 am the next day, doing my hair (just enough to look cool, but not trying too hard) and heading to Le Cartet for breakfast on a Friday.  Well, I was jet lagged and  woke up at 10:30, half did my hair and rushed down Rue McGill to try to catch breakfast, but I was too late, I was handed the lunch menu -- Boo!  I wanted to try to fit in with all the well dressed staff and patrons, so I pretended to understand the French menu and ordered what I thought was a goat cheese, almond and date salad.  Well, what I got was a warm pate of goat cheese, with almonds and dates in it served over lettuce and a few pieces of crostini.  I was confused, but kept up my "I'm a local and totally expected this" act.  I was pleasantly surprised with my selection!  So much so, that I came back for brunch the next day and had the Brunch Sucre.  It was definitely a carb and sugar overload, but worth it!  Capuccinos were small but tasty.  Each time I came here I spent around $20 CAN.
Went here for breakfast twice during a 2 day stay in Montreal. The food was absolutely fantastic and the ingredients were very fresh. Everything was arranged on the plate with many different components each adding their own flavor and contribution to the overall meal. I would definitely go to this place again if I happen to find myself in this great city.
Lovely little front counter mini epicerie area with amazing muffins, bottled smoothies and other drinks, excellent coffee to go. But really if you have time and don't mind spending a little more, sit down in the calm, bright restaurant and enjoy the excellent brunch specials on the chalkboard.
Wonderful lunch spot in the Vieux Montreal district. The quality of the food is excellent, the service was very sweet and attentive. I think a lot of business locals come here, and I can see why. We really enjoyed our lunch at Le Cartet. I would recommend !
Great brunch spot! I love the vibe. It's a cross between family friendly and urban sheek. I had the goat cheese scrambled eggs with thick cut bacon and fresh fruit. It was wonderful!!!
When I was in Montreal at the beginning of August in 2012 my boyfriend and I were determined to try a couple of places out of the Wallpaper* City Guide for Montreal. The one place we were able to check out was a breakfast place called Le Cartet. I wish we knew ahead of time how great it was going to be or we wouldn't have left it to the last day. First of all the interior was amazing- it was clean, simple, with a touch of sophisticated design. Most importantly, the food was to die for. I had the brunch des cantons ($15.35) which included scrambled eggs with sausage and bacon, potatoes roasted in duck fat and herbs, fried beans, and country bread. Breakfast also came with a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. The whole meal was just divine (as the service was also fantastic).
Delicious.  Variety.  Well prepared and presented.  From the light to the massive the breakfasts are plenty satisfying.  Love the space too - individual as well as long shared tables and the high ceilings make for a pleasant time.
A great brunch spot!  I was skeptical of any restaurant in the old port area because it's just overrun with tourists (myself included), but I was quite impressed by my meal here... the highlight of which was a slice of thick grain bread, toasted and served with an apple puree spread and topped with blueberries.  It was just a part of the crepe dish, but blew away the main course altogether.  This will be my brunch spot for future Montreal visits.
Loved this spot, very charming and great food! A delight all the way through:)
The service ruined what could have been an average experience.  Our waiter did not pay attention to us, serving others first.  We ordered several dishes such as the Brunch Atlantic, Quiche and Salmon Cakes. They were average at best and nothing memorable. Further our orders were mistaken and drink orders delayed. I hope it was just an anomaly.  Be prepared to wait.
Completely Amazing is all I have to say!  had Sunday brunch there yesterday with my wife and 3 friends on the recommendation of the concierge at Hotel Gault.  Atmosphere at Le Cartet had us on entry (hard to do with 4 young hip architects from Toronto in the group).  Service was superb and the food...sublime!    Arrived at 10am which is early for Montrealer's and found it already packed.  A 5 minute wait landed this party of five at one of the long communal tables.  Who knew they opened at 9am on Sundays?From a traditional Farmers Breakfast style to the healthy fruit and granola options, each one is served fresh and with a little panache!Their little front shop had lots of grab-n-go fare as well as the most amazing assortment of chocolates!  I think we spent more in the store than on lunch!
Pre-made salads and sandwiches for take-away on pick-up-and-get-back-to-work lunches in the front, and a combo of small two top tables and long communal tables in the back -- Le Cartet appeals to many. I've spent a decent amount of time at Le Cartet. It's a naturally-lit, airy, above street space, where solo business guys on their laptops nestle up next to brunching felines on one side and a young family with a highchair on the other.Service can run at a snail's pace. Attempt to catch the server's eye or get ready to wait a while for an order to be taken or the bill to arrive. Coffees are fresh, juices are fresher. The ham and eggs breakfast is okay - a couple of pieces of thinly sliced salty ham and eggs scrambled, boiled or poached. But what makes it worth it? The duck fat fried potato wedges. They're a show stopper. I'd come back just for those!
The Cartet is one of my favorite spot in Montreal, I simply love it! There is a large selection of prepared meals if you're in a hurry. Try the niçoise salad, the salmon tartare or one of their sandwiches to go. They also serve brunch during the weekend, which is a must try. Arrive early if you want to avoid the wait and have the scrambled eggs with cheddar and asparagus or the brunch Cartet with a mimosa. The decor is beautiful, the ambiance is great and the food is amazing!
Perhaps having had a decent amount of breakfasts, I don't understand the hype about this place. It's not terrible, but at best, it's average (slightly better than average on a few items such as their baked beans, salmon cake, and smoked salmon bagel). The eggs were either too dry or extraordinarily soggy (waterlogged), while the toast consistently came out burnt (almost to a crisp - and not only for us, but also for the patrons around us). Our server didn't seem to notice the char that was supposed to be our toast, in fact, besides taking our order, he didn't speak at all. It was the busboy who inquired if things were okay, and offered to ask the kitchen to change the toast (we declined, as we had finished). The smoothie was quite watered down, and not what you'd expect from a 'supposedly' chic place, although the hot chocolate was not too shabby. Overall, a very average dining experience, much like going to a diner where the servers just take your orders and perhaps offer you coffee refills, not much more.
I just came back from having brunch at Le Cartet. It was, as always, delicious! Cartet is such a great place, it has a modern design with some small single tables and then a couple long communal tables in the back. Sitting at the long table can actually be pretty fun, since chances are you will be seated next to someone that's interesting and looks like they should be a model. (The crowd is usually filled with cool, young urban people.) It's pretty busy on the weekends, but the wait is never longer than 20 minutes. The servers are super friendly and very prompt. The menu offers a pretty wide variety of choices, my friend is a vegetarian and had plenty of options to choose from. All of the food is fresh and high quality. It's also always masterfully prepared and super tasty. Le Cartet is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal, and somewhere you have to visit if you're in town.
Fantastic breakfast. Didn't look like much from the outside but inside a bustling hive of people having breakfast with people waiting to be seated although because there are so many tables it seemed to turn over quickly. I had the Brunch Cantons, basically cooked breakfast with the lot bacon, baked beans, ham, potato, scrambled eggs and breakfast sausage. Was very tasty. Service was quick and friendly. I would recommend it to anyone.
Excellent service, friendly staff.Nicely decorated place with creative and healthy menu. Strongly recommended for brunch.
Excellent brunch.  Good coffee, fresh fruit was grapefruit, orange and melon, all flavorful.  Eggs were cooked perfectly, fantastic breads. Great service as well.
Great stylish brunch spot in the old port. Good selection of food on the menu and the servings are generous. I had the brunch Cartet, which came with a ham and cheese croissant, salmon cake, salad, fruit skewer, aged cheddar, and a fig. It was so generous that I couldn't finish it, but it was delicious nonetheless. My friends ordered brunch sante and brunch atlantique and everyone was very satisfied with their food. If you go for the brunch and mimosa you're looking at about $30 with tip, but given the quality of the food, the service, and the beautiful decor it's worth it. Would definitely go back!
Based on some reviews, we decided to head here for a quick lunch on our way out of Montreal.Walking in I was completely amazed by the unsuspecting interiors of the place.  We stumbled upon this place around lunch time, so the joint was packed with the buzz of hungry people.The food selection was impressive and the service quite friendly considering how busy the place was.The only problem arose from there only being two servers for the entire lunch rush, which led to longer than ideal wait times for our food and bill.Afterwards, we picked up a few items from their great take out selection and headed on our way.All in all, the experience was quite positive: the food and the atmosphere were fantastic despite the service being a bit slow.
Le Cartet had decent selections, but I wasn't really impressed. The crepes weren't as tasty as I thought. I had the crabcakes and they were good but again not something to write about. Overall I would recommend this place for a nice brunch. They have a store in the front so that is worth visiting for gifts to bring to friends and family.
Simply amazing find
Had brunch there.  Even though I've read mixed reviews about this place, my dining experience there was decent.  The waiter was nice and friendly.I had cafe au lait avec lait de soya (pretty much a soy latte as it was made with expresso instead of coffee), and it came in a big soup bowl, interesting!  I got the brunch sucré (crepe with french toast).  It came with freshly squeezed orange juice, and that was just awesome!  I love the OJ.  They gave us an 'amusee-bouche,' which was like a bread pudding (and much larger than an one-biter!).  It was a bit cold but very tasty (cinnamon!!!).  My main course came with yogurt with granola and blueberries (decent), french toast with apple butter/blueberries.  The apple butter was good.  The french toast was a little disappointing though (a little stale perhaps?).  And it came with the 2 crepes with raspberry sauce and orange zest.  The crepes were disappointing.  The texture was a little rubbery.  Definitely not my favorite there.My friend got the Brunch Cartet (ham/cheese sandwich), and she said that was delicious.  My other friend got the Brunch L'Atlantique (salmon bagel, salmon with eggs, and salmon cake), and I totally prefer that over my sucré brunch!Aside from the brunch sucré, the food, the service, and the decor of Le Cartet was pretty good!
Had a great brunch.  Try the Toscan: poached egg, ham, spinach, and muffin with fresh fruit.  Fresh ingredients in a great atmosphere.Definately worth the trip on a weekend morning.  NIce selection of take out items, but seemed a bit overpriced for packaged up material.
* Nice physical spot, ok brunch *The physical layout of this spot is really nice.  It is a long narrow space with painted brick walls and wooden tables, along with about 8 sidewalk tables.  There is also a small food market towards the front, which had a very nice selection of chocolate and some local products like smoked duck in a can, etc.  I had brunch at one of the sidewalk tables.  The brunch included:- A sweet bread (not sweetbreads, but a cake like bread, which we were never served although saw all of the other tables getting)- A smoked salmon egg scramble, where the whites and yolks were not fully incorporated to each other- Half a bagel with cream cheese, smoked salmon, and capers (tasty local bagel with nice quality salmon)- A sweet potato and salmon cake (was a bit cold and crumbled apart but had nice salmon flavour)- A green salad (which was good, but slightly overdressed)- Some cut fruit (fine)- A glass of orange juice (unfortunately not fresh squeezed)- Coffee or tea (I had a nice quality tea, although the water was not as hot as it should be)The sidewalk tables suffer from the attack of many bees.  The two women at the next table had a constant battle (probably their strong perfume was saving our table a bit from the onslaught - but we had our fair share as well over the course of the meal).  My side tip - open some of the confiture packs and place them away from your table to attract the bees away - it seems to basically work!  Overall the brunch was ok, but nothing I would rush back for.
Probably one of the best breakfast experiences I've had.I chose Le Cartet for my first breakfast in Montreal, a Sunday morning.  The reviews for L'Avenue had stated the very long lines on Sunday, so I figured I'd do that on Monday instead.  Well much to my surprise, there was a long line here as well (about 25 minutes around 9:30am), and if it wasn't a sunny morning, you'd be stuck out in the rain or snow - as the line goes out the door and down the stairs to the outside.  Regardless, it's such a charming setting on the southern end of Rue McGill.  Once I was seated, I took in the minimalistic pleasantness of the restaurant.  High ceilings, rustic, white walls and columns, and it's set up like a long corridor with what appears like one, long table creating a communal setting, and also the option of separate tables around.  Each table was adorned with a huge, clear vase of fully-stemmed sunflowers!  One of my favorites!  I ordered the Brunch Sante, which consists of two poached eggs over toast that has been smeared in an herbed goat cheese and topped with greens, a side of yogurt mixed with granola and blueberries (the best), a dried fig, two medium-sized white cheddar sticks, a skewer of fresh fruit... and before they even bring it out, they give you a small cube of this delicious, most chocolate chip cake/pastry that gets all melty in your mouth full of Illy coffee.  This was easily my favorite meal from the entire trip!  It beats L'Avenue in terms of a clean, healthy, nutrient-rich breakfast - and the presentation is lovely.  Service is wonderful.  So sweet and caring.  It's $14.95, which is a decent deal for the amount of food you get (I eat like a pig and I couldn't finish), and it's worth every dime.  I can't wait to return again for breakfast, and also for lunch.  Don't skip Le Cartet if you're ever in Montreal.  It's on the way from downtown to Vieux Montreal (Old Montreal/Old Port), and a great stop along the way.
Over the new year week, we took off and escaped to the chilly weather of Montreal! We found numerous places for OK dining, but definitely the area you want to keep to is Old Montreal. This is where you get all things old and new and they meet right in the most unlikely of places. Somewhat hidden away from the grandness that is Old Montreal and off to a bit off a busier street is this place, Le Cartet. If I hadn't had my trusty iPhone indicating where I was versus where the restaurant was, i would never have found it on such a grand street. McGill Rue is a wide street with shops and restaurants. It's a street that leads directly to the Old Port. As soon as we walked in, I was comforted in the thought that we had stumbled onto a fabulous little breakfast joint. Up until then, we were at a kind of hit-or-miss with breakfast, so i was a bit uneasy that this might turn out badly, but I was delighted when i stepped inside. It's a nicely modern establishment with some rustic touches to the decor.  The menu is expansive and the portions are generous. My breakfast was marvelous indeed. I had le Brunch Sucre. And if that name is any indication, yes it was very sweet! I devoured the entire meal. It had everything from Crepes and fruit to French Toast. It was delicious! If you're in town, you should get out there. We were staying at the InterContinental and walked there, it was a cinch.
Cool little spot in Old Montreal area with good service and beautiful, minimalist modern decor.  Pre-packaged foods available at the front for quick lunch or picnics.  However, sit down for breakfast/brunch had limited menu and relatively high prices.
I want to be able to give this fresh place more stars, so maybe I'll go back and try again- but based on the brunch I had last Saturday, this is the most deserving rating.  It looks great when you walk in~ fresh food displayed, great decor.  The menu is diverse for brunch.  My friend got an egg dish and latte which she really enjoyed. I on the other hand had my mouth water over their Banana Coconut (french) Toast with Yogurt and fruit.  It looked good when it came (~5min after my friends dish), however the top toast was lukewarm and the bottom refridgerator cold bananas throughout the cold toast.  I asked the server if it was supposed to be cold and she apologized and took it away.  Only to return a few minutes later with the Same one I tried before, now pipping hot and soggy ~ I suspected microwave- and asked if that was the case. She said no, but  they would now make me a fresh one.  Surprised that didn't happen initially.  Much to my surprise, a "fresh" one arrived burnt! not just a little either...  Done with sending it back I ate around the most burnt pieces.  Coconut torched is not the most pleasant taste.  Maybe this was an anomaly, but surprised that this was my experience.  The good thing is that the waitress was very friendly and nice- but the kitchen was off for my dish.
Again, the yelp posting says its "Good for Kids: Yes" and I disagree slightly.  It's probably good for kids who can sit in their own seat and not in a high chair.  If you have a kid who needs a high chair, I would probably bring your own food for him/her.  The high chair that they brought was a bit disgusting. They obviously do not clean their high chairs every night. We were one of the first when they opened so it's not like tons of other kids used it before we got there.  Also the choices are few and far between for a one year old. There are no waffles, pancakes, or anything of that sort.WIth that being said, my quiche was tasty and was accompanied by a lovely side salad.  The coconut banana bread was also very yummy, not too sweet and not too coconutty.  My husband ordered the crab extravaganza - crab benedict, crab cakes, and some other crab item.  All were tasty.Our waiter was a bit stand-offish. I speak french but decided to speak english here and I felt like I paid for it. The waiter was unaccomodating, didn't smile, and ignored us.  We had to wave him down everytime we needed something. It's unfortunate. There was another waiter who stopped by to say hello to my daughter who was very sweet so I don't think all of their staff is half-bad.I would go back for sure...for the food and when my daughter is older!
Went here on a personal recommendation (heard it was Montreal's best kept secret of the Old City), and slightly underwhelmed. The portions are large and nicely presented, but the food itself is average. We ordered the brunch cartet (cheese was great, the salmon cake not so much) and tosta mixta (too much egg for this sandwich and slightly overcooked). I did find the interior pleasing to the eye, and in some ways, it reminded me of a NYC cafe (white walls, soaring ceilings, original wood floors below). Prices are super reasonable so that was nice, and since it's on the edge of the Old City, not very crowded even mid-day.
This lunch spot in Old Montreal looks quite unassuming from the street facade. However, the inside is quite spacious with a pleasing decor. The crowd is a mix of workers clad in business suit and trendy yuppies with plastic rimmed glasses.The front of the restaurant also has a nice selection of takeouts, including some gourmet canned food like "Duck smoked meat". Please remember that as a great alternative the next time you have an urge to buy a "5 Dollar Foot Long" for dinner :P  The food was quite good although I was a bit disappointed with the small size of my sandwich. My friend had the dish of the day (lamb rack served with polenta and veggies). Quite good and a good value according to him. The dessert made up for it. I tried both the Praline chocolate mousse and the Pecan pie: both delicious!it won't be my everyday lunch spot but worth a try. Expect to pay a little bit more. It's however expected considering the location.
After reading the reviews on yelp, I walked the mile here from my hotel.  I had had a late morning and was open to eating either breakfast or lunch when I arrived.  I walked in the door at 11:15 on a Thursday.  The place was almost empty.  I sat down and the server told me that they had just ended breakfast and that they wouldn't be starting lunch for another 20 minutes.I ended up getting food to go rather than wait 20 minutes for no reason.It's unfortunate that for some reason they can't find a way to continue to serve between meals when...well...they're a restaurant and I'm one person.The food I got to go was decent.  So the lesson of the day is...don't walk here at 11:15.
We stopped here for brunch on the way out of a weekend in Montreal, and were blown away by the food.  I had the Brunch Sante, which featured poached eggs over shredded greens, herbed chevre and multi-grain toast. It also came with ginger granola and blueberryies over a yogurt that had the consistency of creme fraiche, some fresh fruit, aged cheddar, and a fig.My wife had a Brunch Sucre, which included crepes, with blueberry and candied orange peel, toast topped with homemade apple-puree (almost half-way between applesauce and apple butter), and the yogurt/granola combo.  Both brunches came to about $15 each, and included drip coffee (delicious) and orange juice.  In addition, the space is beautiful, with excellent use of wood, metal and air to provide an open environment.  We were in a bit of a hurry, and though we never mentioned it, the food came promptly and our server was attentive.  If we hadn't been leaving the city, we would have definitely availed ourselves of the market in front, too.If you're visiting Montreal for a weekend, it's totally worth a stop.
Worth the wait! We waited outside on line for about 20 minutes before being seated. Once we started eating, we completely forgot about the wait. For $15 we were served a cup of coffee or cappuccino, a glass of fresh squeezed OJ, 2 poached eggs on toast that had been smeared with goat cheese (OUTSTANDING!!), a cup of fresh yogurt topped with homemade granola and black currants, and fresh fruit. Would have been a 5 star review, but the waiter forgot our Amuse Bouche and we had to ask multiple times for the check. In his defence, he was very friendly and the place was super packed.
A very interesting breakfast spot but not our favorite.  The ambience is great but loud.  Service was good.I had the brunch sante which was excellent.  There was a thin layer of cheese spread on the toast that held the mesclun under the poached eggs.  Made for a healthier version of eggs benedict.  The granola was flavorful.  The cheese sticks and fig capped it off nicely.  Sadly my wife did not have as good a meal.  They were out of potatoes at 1030am and the potatoes in duck fat was a key attraction.  Then the toast was cold when it came out.  And the eggs are not really scrambled but more like fried in a lump.  Its a very cool store and a place you could go before a picnic or outing to stock up.  The chocolate selection is impressive.  But i have to give it three stars since it was a four for me and a two for my wife
Went here for an early lunch. I thought it was quite good. My bf and I ordered sandwiches - grilled chicken and a roast beef. The grilled chicken was better than the roast beef. The real star of the meal was the carrot salad. It had this unexpected ginger flavor with some dried cranberries.
If you had one morning in Montreal - especially a Saturday or Sunday...Come here! Fresh, delicious food. The Berry French Toast was to die for. It was not your typical whip cream and syrup variety but very original and unique. I dined at the communal table which was fantastic. Families, groups, dates, solo? It doesn't matter. This is your go to spot for brunch in Montreal.
This is our long-standing first choice for a brunch with great value. By value, I mean the quality for the price. Yes, there are fancier brunches to be had, but when we're hungry and don't want to take any chances, Le Cartet is it. My husband gets the "des Cantons" brunch and I get the "Sante" brunch. The fresh OJ is much better in the warm months -- it's a bit too tart in the cold months. Usually there's lots of fresh fruit, but they didn't include that when we went in December 2013 -- why? :(. I also like to pick up some chocolate from their huge selection when we check out. We know when to arrive so we don't have to wait in a queue (before 11), and they generally have enough wait staff that service is good. When I worked in downtown Montreal, I often had lunch here or bought a to-go lunch and dessert. We like the spacious high ceilings and the basic decor. One reviewer from TO said it was sooooo passe, but having lived in Montreal for 7 years, and for 30+ years in the US, and some years in TO, I've seen that nothing is more fickle and silly than the Toronto foodie scene. Honestly, any place that would welcome Momofuku like it was the hottest thing ever is plain daft. Anyway, I can testify that Le Cartet has been solid and inviting for at least a decade, and is more inviting since the remodel. I hope it stays that way for another decade. because we'll continue to make it our destination.
the vogue-ified general store:Old Montreal:When I walked into Le Cartet I thought I was in a country general store, if said store was in a trendy New York burrow. It's got a Dean and Deluca feel, without the big box shadow.  The front area is a take-out coffee bar meets mini market whose shelves are filled with fancy preserves, designer chocolates, specialty teas, and a plethora of other goods as well as a cooler of fresh salads, sandwiches and pastas.  The rest is the restaurant.My sister and I loved the interior, right down to the signage.  The communal tables and open-window kitchen gave the place a laidback vibe, while the decor was classy and modern.  I loved the little details - fresh fall flowers and little pumpkins.  The buckets of natural light make it feel like the perfect brunch spot.The tables are pretty close together, but there's enough room that you don't feel like you're being invaded.  The menu isn't extensive, but you should be able to find something you like.  Traditional items are notably missing, such as benedicts and omlettes, but it's okay to embrace change once in a while.Their specials (all about $15) come with coffee and juice.  Love that.I had the Brunch des Cantons - their version of the big breakfast - served in a cast iron pan.  Love that.It had ham, sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, beans, and potatoes, as well as a side plate of bread and fruit.  Three meats. Love that.My sister had the Toasta Mixta, a portuguese grilled egg sandwich with ham, brie, onions and mustard.  Tasted like our mom's egg sandwich.  Love that.Brunch is only served Saturday and Sunday from 9:00 a to 3:30 pm.  That's a narrow window, especially for a big stomach.  But do as I do, suck it in.
This is my go-to place for brunch in my 'hood. What I like about this place:- Simple and delicate yet NOT intimidating decoration, ambience, clientèle- My words won't do justice for other orders but here are some highlights when you order "Brunch des Cantons" ($11.95) the one I always get:a) before the main brunch, they bring you baguettes with confitures (tartinades)b) "Brunch des Cantons" is served on a heavy hot pan, to keep it warm. c) contains ham, sausage, bacon (all three meats! big+ for my in-decisiveness when it comes to choose one out of the three), home-made potatoes with fine herbs, fruits,  and take note Baguette. d) the portion is very generous (I can never finish everything, and I have a big appetite for breakfast)- Most of the waiters/waitresses are friendly, soft-spoken hipsters. So are the clients. Their clients are: 25% business people working around old-port, 35% Artists working in the area, 20% some tourists, 20% residence. - Yet another + for this place is they have a bar area behind cashier, where you can buy organic food, exotic products, lunch in boxes, illy coffee. - In the morning till noon, they have illy coffee for 2.5$. Points card, where you can collect points (10 coffee to get 1 for free)- Brunch for weekdays is 7am-11am; After that, they have lunch. Weekends from 9am to 3pm. There's usually a line for the weekends unless you get there before 11am.
An amazing selection of chocolate from around the world in the little store at the front of the restaurant!Great place for brunch: good food, stylish decor, friendly staff, light and airy space.
If you want to do breakfast right look no further than this place. You can keep it simple with a yogurt/granola combo or go all out and get awesome egg dishes, pancakes and so on. Things are lovingly prepared and it is the kind of place that will get you off on the right foot.
We were visiting Montreal for a week and ended up having breakfast there almost every day. Basically everything on the menu is delicious. We tried the Torta mixta, the eggs with goat cheese, the hazelnut toasts with applesauce and everything was delicious, not to mention their coffee, croissants, duck rillette and bacon. Also a great place to go with kids, because of how fast they are to serve and the service is Excellent! Sure going to miss this place when i go back home!
Wonderful. Food and service are great. Went twice during one 4 day visit. Good portions and despite the crowds we never waited for a table or for our food that long. Tres bien
Good place for breakfast/Brunch . sleek decoration. Fresh food . Good service
I'm always on the lookout for a cool place to get good eats during my lunch hour at work. One of my coworkers introduced me to Le Cartet, apparently the cat's meow of a fine foods market doubling as a gourmet restaurant.At first glance, one's appetite comes alive just by looking at the restaurant/food store. The setting is absolutely gorgeous. It has the feel of an American general store from an old mill town, fused with a very modern feel. Every little detail has been exhaustively looked over by a very crafty team of designers. The staff is meticulously dressed and hired to look the part the restaurateurs desired. No Saran Wrap here, it's a fine plastic wrapping you would find in a flower shop to pack roses. The facing of the product is immaculate. The table settings are just inviting and warm. It just reeks of Old Montreal Goodness. Local stars and Olympic athletes can be spotted grabbing a bite there.It just looks perfect.Emphasis on the "looks". Sometimes a cake is crap but the icing makes it look good enough to eat anyway. And Le Cartet is such an example.Let me take you through the culinary ordeal I went through. Let's begin with the salad entrée I took. A simple looking salad, which is the way it should be to kick-start one's digestion properly. It comes with a vinaigrette de Provence. Unless you have unclean or not so fresh lettuce, the dressing makes or breaks the salad. When I say Provence, if you enjoy wine, a nice wine-based dressing will most likely come to mind. Certainly not chili peppers, which are from Central and South America. Well, the dressing was made up of mostly chili peppers. Not being a lover of spicy foods (I feel spices take away the tastes of the food I'm eating) I immediately put aside the spice-ridden salad because it was awful.Next in my meal was a simple egg salad sandwich on rye bread. I should spell that drye bread. It was too dry even for a corned beef sandwich. But wait, it gets worse. How they accomplished this is beyond me, but the egg salad was also dry. A good mayonnaise should be tangy and moist; I couldn't taste anything of the sort other than flat, boring mayonnaise. Throw in some herbs at least or some garlic, give it some punch. And the piece of Romaine lettuce still had the heart attached to it. It was big enough to choke someone. But since I had to eat something and I wasn't about to dole out another fifteen dollars for lunch, I finished the sandwich, washing it down with water so it could pass my oesophagus; yes it was that damn dry. But that's not all. Since it was my first run at the restaurant I even treated myself to some dessert -- a lovely Tarte Tatin. This, for the uninitiated, is good ol' apple pie from France -- basically your regular apple pie but with the top caramelised with butter and sugar. Caramelised, not carbonised into extinction. When I took my first bite, hoping that the dessert would save me from this so far revolting experience, I cringed when I smelled the charred layer of burnt sugar and it was too late. The final straw.The only thing that tasted okay was the water -- the one in the Evian bottle.The problem with gourmet restaurants is that they fear the fat -- if you want taste, you must embrace the fat. It's what makes food taste good, end of story. Slap on some butter, some cream, or some punchy mayonnaise. The fat is the drummer of the food band. If you ain't got the beat, if you ain't got the rhythm, it's all for naught.The restaurant gets a point for impeccable presentation and none for anything else. A big fat one out of five. Want good French cuisine in Old Montreal?  For lunch, stick to Cluny's, and put a cross over Le Cartet.
This is a great spot for brunch with generous portions.
I had a couple of nice brunches there with friends. Tried the sweet dish and the savory dish, the crusty crunchy toast and de awakening coffee. Will go back there again for its communal seating and of course the food.
My sister and I really enjoyed Cartet in April.  If the day is nice and the wait is long, get prepared items from the shop section and picnic.  We waited just long enough for me to buy blueberry chocolate spread from the shop (AMAZING).  Brunch menu is extensive, and we both ordered huge plates with a little bit of everything.  Sister--Brunch de L'Atlantique: Eggs with smoked salmon, half a bagel with all the typical accoutrements, greens, a little sweet potato and salmon cake, and fruit. Me: Brunch de Sante--yogurt with granola and blueberries, poached eggs on greens, and grilled bread, cheddar sticks, and a fig.  And it came with coffee and juice, all for $15.  This is the kind of plate I would dream up for myself at home.
Came here for brunch one time.  Interesting setup here.  It's a mini-store that also serve as a restaurant.  They have communal tables in the back where you can share with other people.  Pretty wide selection for brunch, good portion, orange juice was great.Pros - There was a lot of good looking boys at brunch that we stared at! :)
Sometimes life gets too busy or exciting for mundane things like getting groceries or cooking, and you need a neighbourhood go-to place where you can pick up a relatively healthy meal on the run. For me, Le Cartet is that place. I know I can always grab a goat yogurt, a fruit cup, and an Illy coffee for breakfast. For lunch, they have a nice selection of sandwiches and salads. My favourite is a salad with salmon two ways: smoked and flaked with some mayo. The shelves are full of a variety of gourmet items, including enough varieties of fancy chocolate to keep even the most die-hard chocoholic busy for days on end. They also do a pretty killer brunch and a decent sit-down lunch. In summer they have a few tables on the McGill sidewalk.
Had the Atlantic brunch plate - it was outstanding... what a great combination of all the ways you could enjoy salmon...  well worth the wait, and have already recommended this to other friends visiting Montreal.  As a frequent brunch diner in NYC, I can honestly say that this place was brilliant, and that many NYC places could learn from Montreal about brunch - especially the skewer of fresh fruit!
Meant to eat breakfast here, but didn't get there until breakfast had finished (although the signs all seemed to say we had another hour before breakfast closed...).  I'm guessing the breakfast would still be great, but the lunch was really disappointing.  It wasn't bad per se, but wasn't better than anything I make in my own kitchen (I got the ham and cheese sandwich - very boring, my husband got an overpriced quiche that was very similar and not better than one I make at home).  Coffee was fantastic though, and the ambiance was pretty cool.  Wait staff seemed annoyed at our existence, and although we're annoying, I don't think we gave them enough to know that.  Overall, maybe it's as good as they say for breakfast, but I would definitely say skip this one for lunch.
I had a delicious lunch here.  The Plat du Jour for $13 was a big portion of perfectly cooked bowtie pasta with a pesto and goat cheese sauce.  A couple of slices of grilled peppers sat on top looking very pretty.  I washed it down with a glass of Illuminati Riparosso for $7.50.  They had a high chair for my friend's baby.  I love the long communal tables but they also have individual tables.  The room is long, narrow and modern in decor but still feels cozy and intimate as the tables are quite close to each other.  I could have spent more time drooling over all the delicious gourmet foods up front that you can buy to go.  I heard that if you buy food you can also buy wine to go.  This would be a perfect spot to pick up your picnic ingredients in Old Montreal.
Excellent service, great food, great coffee.  The ambiance was nice as well, bustling with people and tastefully decorated.  The eggs benedict were amazing, though not listed on the menu under that name.  Croissants were just ok, as was the bread.  Had the bowl of cafe au lait, which was the highlight for me.
i usually go for saltier/egg-y brunches but this time i tried out their sweet brkfst meal (i dont remember off the top of my head the name, but it came with plain yogurt/crepes/toast/apple sauce/fruits). it was amazing! the plain yogurt was a nice way to off-set all the sweet stuff.surprised this place has such few reviews. no regrets. i'm from Toronto but if i ever go back to Montreal, definitely hitting up this spot again.
great atmosphere, fantastic brunch, friendly service....
Great ham & cheese baguette though not much for my husband (vegetarian). Excellent selection of chocolate bars inside, and I am regretting that I didn't order a chocolate dessert, they looked amazing!
Hot of the press! No, not the panini press or a sandwich press. Olive & Gourmando will now be open 7 days a week. Yes.. Seven! Now for those that are a fan, you can understand the joy of this. For those that are not(Yet!) a fan.. Well, you will eventually appreciate the opening of 7 days. FIou! I feel better now. I simply needed to share this with all of you. Now the real reason why I'm here. To write a review. I can honestly say that there is nothing negative to write about. No, nothing. The only thing I was planning to mention is the long waiting time for a table and how crowded it gets each time I go. Now with being open 7 days, I think this will relieve the line-ups. Wait! Don't get turned off by the long waiting time.. It's worth it. I promise you!Yes, most restaurants with very few exceptions are pricey and none other than a tourist trap. Olive and Gourmando is not at all one of them.Their main focus is on the locals that come and enjoy an outstanding breakfast, or lunch. Each of their meals, pastries  are simply delicious and well presented. This is not about big or huge portions of pancakes and waffles or massive amounts of sausage and bacon. This is about using local and delicious things to make it all about quality. Their pastries are oh so crumbly and buttery, along touches of Valrhona chocolate in some of their pastries. Nothing is overly sweet or greasy.  Again, just perfect! I ordered the homemade granola with Greek yogurt and fruits. It was a good portion with such generous amounts of fresh berries, apples, grapes and oranges. The fruits were perfectly ripe and juicy. Because I'm not a coffee drinker, I put a lot, yes a lot of focus on hot chocolate. Their hot chocolate was out of this world!! A simple glass of hot steamy milk(Perfect temperature) with a generous amount of Valrhona cocoa. You put as much sugar as you desire. Perfect! At last a hot cocoa that is not packed with 90% sugar and 10% chocolate. We arrived at 11:30am on a Friday. It was packed! Wait.. Give it a try anyways. The service was very professional, efficient and so fast. For all these reasons, I insist you go try it again and again. Either if you live in Montreal or you're a tourist. You will certainly love this place. Like I said.. I promise!
Olive & Gourmando, or 'o+g' is a small little breakfast/lunch spot that is known for their paninis.  Besides hot paninis, they also have cold sandwiches, daily plates (such as mac & cheese, salads, etc.), as well as breakfast items (such as granola, homemade ricotta, etc.). Just make sure you request both of the menus, as you can order from either/both of them. This place was bustling when I walked in, but the host is great at remembering the queue and seating parties quickly.  I tried their O+G Grilled Cheese hot panini that was filled with caramelized onions, Raclette, and Gouda Beemster XO, served with a cup of housemade ketchup; the caramelized onions were a bit too overpowering, and the housemade ketchup was a thin consistency of a sweeter sauce (I found this not to complement the panini at all); and, the 'Poached egg on your face' panini (filled with spicy poached eggs with herbs, mayo, Louis d'Or cheese, speck, and slow-roasted tomatoes; this was definitely the better of the two paninis, but it has a spicier kick; the taste kind of reminded of Korean spicy pork sauce (dwegi bokkeum sauce), so it had a familiar taste to it).  I appreciated the crispiness of the bread, but note that they don't brush the bread slices with olive oil or butter.  I'm open to trying out their other kinds of paninis, as I really did like the thing crusty/crispy breads holding the fillings together.  To wash it all down, I tried their raspberry & lime beverage, which seems to be the place's version of a limeade with some raspberry juice - it wasn't as tart as I thought it would be, but more of a smoother finish.  Service was super friendly and efficient, and complimentary water is offered in an olive oil bottle. Once you're done, remember your seat location and pay up at the front!+known for their paninis+raspberry lime beverage+fast and efficient service+crowded during breakfast/lunch rush
This place gets busy, so plan to wait or just get your food to go.The coffee and food were both great, although my first choice of a meal was already sold out when we showed up. I took this as a good sign because it must mean they have fresh ingredients and aren't wasteful. The dining area can get very crowded so expect to sit near some strangers, but who knows, you just might make a new friend over a cup of coffee or breakfast.
-TIP INCLUDED ON BILL-Decided to come for lunch Time with a friend it was snowing and packed which is always a good sign as long as you aren't all squished in. We got a seat at the window with a bar table style which was the last open seat. I was skeptical at first but it was beautiful at the big window with the snow falling. Reminded me a bit of Paris (love the old port.) great view !Staff was friendly and smiley and knew her wine which is always a plus.It's not a cheap place two salads and a sandwich a small hot chocolate and wine was 70 $! BUT they added the tip to the bill which we forgot about when we read the menu so we left 80, not a huge deal but do be aware this time you don't make the same mistake as us.The Cesar salad with chicken has kale in it and a light dressing (home made dressing) and lean thinly sliced chicken with bacon and croutons and capers of course.The Cuban sandwich was really good had this pickled mayo and thinly sliced meat and cheese. The salad 24 was a tofu salad with Asian noodles and peanut butter dressing. It's a really good salad if you want something light and healthy.
Came here for an 11 am brunch on a Wednesday. The place was crowded and rustic. Very small. The waiter initially told us we needed to wait 45 mins for a table of 5, then suggested splitting us up which would seat us immediately. It was super awkward. My friend and I went to a table while the other 3 waited. There were clearly tables that we're going to be empty very soon, but he seated us at the other end of the restaurant. After my friend spoke to him he came and got us and voila! A table for 5 magically appeared. It was a crummy awkward start to the meal.The service was pretty horrible. We grabbed our own menus. No one explained anything to us (like how we can order off the breakfast as well as the lunch menus, and they were 2 physically separate menus). I ended up getting the habibi chicken sandwich. The only egg option was the poached eggs and they had RUN OUT OF EGGS. I was in need for protein. Unfortunately they also didn't have French toast. The sandwich was cold (yes I get it it's called a cold sandwich but it was too cold), jam packed with a handful of dill!!!! Wow way too much. It was overpowering even when I tried to scrape most of it off. The latte was good but wasn't hot enough to my taste, I don't enjoy lukewarm coffee.I won't be coming back here and I don't recommend this place.
Finding a solid place to eat in Old Montreal can be a challenge sometimes since this part of the city is loaded with tourist traps.  That being said if you know where to look you can find a good restaurant or café.  I had heard loads of good things about Olive and Gourmando for a long time but since I rarely find myself in Old Montreal for lunch I only made it there for the first time recently.  So is it really as good as everyone says?  Yes indeed!It is a café but you are seated by a host and served by a waiter.  The place is packed at lunch so either get there early or try and go after the lunch rush has died down.  If you are one or two people consider eating at the counter.  They have typical café food which is why it is best as a lunch place.  You can expect a variety of sandwiches, salads, soups and so on.  They do have wine and beer if you so desire but I skipped that since it was lunch and I was on my way to a meeting.I kept it simple and got a latte and grilled cheese.  The latte was as good as any coffee shops here in Montreal and I enjoyed it quite a bit.  The star though was the grilled cheese which was made with goat cheese, raclette and caramelized onions.  It was wildly delicious and there was so much cheese that it was oozing at the sides and that is a good thing in my opinion!  Now I like ketchup with my grilled cheese but for a sandwich of this calibre Heinz just won't cut it.  Of course they know that only the finest condiments are acceptable for their food so they serve up the grilled cheese with a homemade spicy ketchup.  While it wasn't very spicy it certainly put Heinz to shame.Now you can't come here and not get a goodie.  When you're ready for dessert head over to the display of pastries.  This will probably be the hardest part of your whole experience because here you will be faced with the arduous task of narrowing your choices down to just one.  Ultimately I settled for a banana-chocolate brioche which was so fresh and loaded with chocolate and big chunks of banana.  The pastry was very flaky and as a whole the experience was divine!The service was another highlight.  My waiter was very friendly and despite the fact that the café was completely packed I got everything I ordered in a reasonable time frame.  As soon as I was seated they gave me a glass and my own pitcher of water.  I was really thirsty when I arrived here so I really appreciated this.It is expensive and for me that was a downside.  The latte, grilled cheese and brioche came to $23 and of course because it was a sit down place I also had to tip the waiter so in all I paid about $26.  While I don't mind treating myself once in a while I wouldn't routinely pay that for lunch.  That being said I would put Olive and Gourmando on my list of places to check out when I'm in the area because it is too good to pass up.
Great serviceGreat foodGood atmosphere (?)To get in during rush hours you usually have to wait around ~20 mins, and there WILL be a line. This place is usually packed and comes with it, the chatter, so it's pretty noisy which I didn't really like. Around 5 minutes in, our waiter came right away and she was super friendly and very informative about the menu. We ordered a grilled cheese and the reuben which is a smoked meat panini but it took a bit long for our meal to arrive. Once I took the first bite though i noticed that their panini bread was extremely crispy which made it taste so good! The meal was affordable and I was pretty content with my choice. I also took the double chocolate cookie to go and it was amazing! Lots of chocolate chunks yummm There shouldn't really be a reason for me to not rate this place a 5/5 but it just didn't wow me. The food was really good, but I guess I heard so much hype about this place that my standards were too high. Still though, definitely a place to check out if you're around the Old Port area!
Best Brownie Ever!!! And an awesome place for lunch in the old city and worth the wait. The long lineup is a testament to the quality of the food and environment. The food is fresh and delicious. The people working and eating there create a welcome buzz that feeds the experience. This is a local favourite that delivers a hip feel and delicious food. Sitting in the restaurant having a nice lunch and drinks made me feel part if the Montreal community.
I have a big problem with O&G. Every time I walk by the restaurant, I am unable to control myself and I absolutely must eat 2 Cuban sandwiches. It's a big problem because that's over 20$ every time I walk by this restaurant, but I just can't help it. I must have the sandwiches. The Cuban sandwich melts in your mouth and it's like you're having a party and the whole city is invited.It's a pain to wait in line and the service is slow but da*n that sandwich is good. It's the best sandwich in the world. DAMN YOU O&L!
DELICIOUS!!!! Seriously, this was one of my favorite places to have lunch while visiting Montreal. They have the best paninis and the soup I had was scrumptious! I highly recommend the "Gustavo" panini. The soup of the day was a Chicken & Cauliflower soup that had a hint of spice. It was sooooooo good! The servers were super nice too! This is a perfect little cafe and worth the wait. Can't wait to revisit. Awesome lunch!
Popped in toward the end of their brunch and it was still pretty crowded, but we managed to snag a table for two by one of their cute little windows.The space is great. Chalkboards with doodles and menu items cover the walls and the cute cafe by the entrance has some goodies for sale. The space gets crowded quick but it's a lively atmosphere. In the summer, there's no AC but thank the heavens this is a corner location and the open air windows let in a slight breeze.Once seated, our server informed us a lot of the menu items are done for the day since its the end of brunch but the options left sounded just as delightful. I had the mixed salad with chicken and my boyfriend had the Cuban sandwich. Both were SPECTACULAR. Although it was a different take on a classic, this was probably the best Cuban I've ever tried. The pesto mayo made this dish! The mixed salad sounds so simple but it was SO good, the toasted almonds and the chopped chicken gave this salad the kick it didn't even need. I loved how light but tasty the dressing was. I wanted to come back the next day to have the same meal again, even though I don't like visiting the same restaurant twice while on vacation. It was that good.This place isn't overrated or as pretentious as it sounds or looks - go check it out!
Recommended by a local and co-worker. "Don't let the wait scare you" she said. Apprehensive by her comment, I rolled in solo at noon on a Wednesday. I was seated immediately. The wait staff speaks in French and English. They were overly  nice and accommodating. I ordered the Soupe de jour -yummy culinary concoction with sausage AND "the Cubain". A hot toasted flat bread with sliced seasoned pork, perfectly selected melted cheese and pickled mayonnaise. Delicious beyond delicious. Bon appetit!
Looking for a good cup of coffee and pastry, my doorman recommended this place - and he was right, it is fantastic! The place is small and every table was full with a wait. I just grabbed a late and croissant to go. The late was made perfectly. Oh, and the croissant...oh la la! It did remind me of Paris.
This place gets 5 stars from me, at least from the breakfast standpoint. We came here because it was a highly recommended spot located in Old Montreal, and we wanted to try it out. For breakfast I had a coffee, and the granola. The granola is amazing it comes with yoghurt and a bunch of different types of fruit. It was delicious. I also had a chocolate and banana pastry which was super yummy as well.This place is very busy but we were seated and served pretty quickly. I really liked this place and would totally come here again.
Came here on Saturday for lunch around 12pm. The host told us it would be a 25-30 minute wait, but when we came back around 12:30pm, he told us another 25 minutes, so that was pretty annoying that the estimated timing was wayyy off, but we got coffee at a nearby café so that was fine. They also serve coffee and pastries in the takeout line, so that's nice to have while you wait.The place itself is very cozy and cute. We sat on a communal table and I ordered a Goat Cheese and Onion Panini and a raspberry lemonade. The Panini came with a homemade ketchup which was thinned out ketchup that was sweet but still tangy - it complemented the sandwich perfectly. I couldn't finish the whole Panini by myself. My friends ordered the Cuban sandwich and the Cajun Chicken Sandwich, which they all enjoyed. Great to share the Paninis with friends for some variation in your overall meal. I was sad to hear that they ran out of the egg in your face Panini -- I really wanted to try that!The service was pretty quick as all the sandwiches were premade, which I thought it was odd, considering sandwiches are pretty quick to make, but I was happy with our overall meal.
Located in Old Montreal but was a really good restaurant!! I came there twice because the Cuba panini was only on lunch menu. It deserves visiting again.My friend and I had two divine brioches for breakfast. My chocolate and banana one was the best of the world! Too much chocolate inside! Not too sweet but very crispy. Soooo nice~ The Cuba panini was crunchy outside and gooey inside. Melting cheese with bacon and salty turkey, never forgot. Because it was the last meal in Montreal.The staff were all very pretty and friendly. Love the ambience and decoration of the restaurant. The price was reasonable.
This place is so good, you can never get a seat. I advise you come by during the summer.  lots of nice places for a little picnic in Old Mtl.
This place is a must for me when I visit Old Montreal. The food and atmosphere are breathtaking. The service is fast and it's always packed. The French toast is so different and to die for. Make sure to grab pastries on your way out!
Yelped this place and so happy.  Incredible ambiance,  food, and although only one beer on the menu...it was terrific.  Thanks Yelp!
A great cozy place for lunch. Fills up fast on the weekends, so come early or make a reservation to avoid the wait. We tried the pork sandwich and gourmet mac n cheese which were both good. The soup was exceptional! Their desserts and pastries are also amazing. We had the best coconut macadamia nut cookie ever!  The only thing that was mediocre was the chai latte. But overall, very satisfied with food and service.
Every time I set foot in here for breakfast (or lunch), I'm always pleased with the food quality, the excellent & friend service and the eclectic and welcoming decor!You'll often hear patrons of Olive & Gourmand complimenting them on the "concept"... interesting because when you ask veteran Marie-Helene and Sandra, or "old crusts" as they jokingly call themselves, there is no concept. It's just the result  of a slow evolution of bringing goodness and joy to people, season after season.The hustle and bustle can perhaps turn off some people who prefer quietness when sipping their café but if you're like me and love the vibe, the energy, the possibility of striking serendipitous conversations with locals or out-of-towners, and the soothing humming of the hustle & bustle this iconic place delivers then you're in for happy times!
I'm one of those annoying vegans and I love this place. The atmosphere is really great. On-trend, inviting, youthful but also really classic. My dad introduced me to this place (embarrassingly enough) - it's populated by both in-the-know older folks and cool looking younger people. I guess that doesn't really matter in terms of reviewing the food, but just to give an idea of what the place is like! I really enjoyed the hand-drawn chalk board menu. Service is prompt and on occasion sassy, but in an enjoyable way. The food I've had here has always been excellent - I've had both soups and salads. Very thoughtfully constructed food with a very pleasing balance of flavour and texture. I haven't tried the pastries, since I don't believe any of them are vegan friendly, which is such a shame because they look delicious. Regardless I'm just ecstatic I can eat vegan stuff here but also bring friends here who are meat-eaters in the mood for some meat. Good lattes also! They have soy milk as an option.Only one bathroom, which is a little awkward, so there's usually a lineup. Speaking of line-ups - I've never had to wait less than 45 minutes to be seated here, so keep that in mind if you're looking for a quick bite.
Olive & Gourmando is located in Old Montreal on Saint Paul. It is just a couple of blocks off of the river near the old port.As other yelpers have written the place does a brisk business, mainly with the tourist trade. However, Olive & Gourmand is a pretty good place for fresh baked goods, good coffee and an excellent brunch. We had about a 20-minute wait for our table for 3.The food we had was all very fresh and had nice flavors. I had the Goat Cheese Sandwich (Mild goat cheese paillot and caramelized onions. Served with their house made ketchup) and it was excellent. We also had coffee and some really special baked goods.The prices are not too bad either being in the heart of the tourist district. Our server was really nice also.
The best cuban sandwich in Montreal according to me. And the best in North America, according to Anthony Bourdain.In fact, all sandwiches are pretty awesome. But how to resist O+G's sandwich filled with gooey gruyère, ham, pork loin and their secret sauce? Feeling a bit more healthy? The "24" salad with asian flavors is a good choice too.And how to resist their beautiful selection of baked desserts?Did I say how I love O+G ? Try it, you won't be disappointed.
I think I definitely worked this place up in my head by reading all the reviews and then was a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong the food is good and the quality of the ingredients is great. But is it worth the price, the wait and sitting shoulder to shoulder cramped with other guests...probably not. I've been here twice. Once for take out and once for a sit down meal. For take out I ordered the banana chocolate brioche and a cappuccino. It was good. The pastry was delicious. However I think the tiny cappuccinos are quite overpriced and nothing special. For the sit down meal I got there at 10:40 am and it wasn't too busy. I tried to order the 'in your face egg panini' which they were sold out of. How do you sell out of eggs and bread at a breakfast place by 10:40? It wasn't a big deal, but it made a difference since their menu is already very small and limited. I also noticed it's a trend in the other reviews. Anyways I ordered the ricotta with honey and bread and an almond croissant. Both were delicious. The ricotta is creamy and refreshing. The almond croissant is good but overpriced in my opinion. I do have to say that the service there was lovely. Everything was delivered quickly and with a smile. However overall I think this place is a bit overrated. Would I go here for lunch once in a while if I worked nearby, sure. Would I go out of my way to come here? Probably not. There are so many other cafes in this area with incredible cappuccinos and pastries at almost half the cost and half the crowds.
Great truffle mac and cheese and cubano. A little pricey, especially for the drinks and the beer. Overall great experience.Also, tax essentially comes to 15 percent and can appear to look like tip. Tip in Montreal is a little lower than in the states at 15 percent tip.
The food is simply AMAZING. Don't hesitate when you see the line, don't let the mass of confused tourists or the seriously rude hostess put you off. The egg panini is one of my favourite things in the city, and the daily salads are always great, different and healthy. The wine selection leaves a lot to be desired but at least they're trying!
Honestly, I don't understand the hype. Sure its a nice place to get a coffee and a pastry, but its not a breakfast or brunch restaurant. They were sold out of the one egg dish they serve and so we each had a parfait which was basically our only other "non pastry" option. Plan to eat before or after your visit to O&G.
TREAT YO SELF. This place is worth the $$$AMAZING food. I was in Montreal for a total of 24 hrs & this place was recommended to me by a friend. I do not speak French. At. All. The waiter was so patient with me & did his best to explain the specials of the day. He ended up just simplifying the day's soup to "chicken noodle soup" & also recommended one of the sandwiches. I felt so bad after. The soup was amazinggggg it did not deserve to be simplified to a mere chicken noodle soup & for that I'm so sorry. It was so good. The sandwich was such a large portion & so great, I had half & saved the other half for later. I ate it cold on the train later, and let me tell you something... when a sandwich that is loaded with cheese still tastes great cold, it really speaks to how yummy it is when it's served hot, straight from the kitchen. It's also located in old Montreal, which is such a great place to walk around & take in the old architecture. COMPLETELY 100% recommend!!
I love how this place feels! Very cozy and hipster - you'll know what I mean. The staff was very organized despite the place being very busy. We were given a place all the way in the back corner of the shop and I was worried that we would be forgotten - we weren't. If you ever wanted to try that increasingly popular 1642 Montreal Cola, then look no further. I tried the grilled Cuban panini and it was good - crunchy and cheesy. The habibi chicken, in my opinion, was better. Anything tastes good with garlic, pickles, and dill. Also there are vegetarian and vegan options if you're not a meat eater.If you're passing nearby the Old Port then you should definitely come by this place.
From the ratings to the many reviews on here, it's as good as it gets so I won't repeat the others, but a few of my own tips and observations:Let me preface that I was just visiting Montreal for the weekend, first time in the city.I came here essentially to get that Eggs In Yo Face (I'm sure you know what I mean) breakfast sandwich.  Note: The place currently opens at 9 am (on Saturdays).  From reading blogs, it suggested we get there at 8:30, we arrived at 8:40 to a closed restaurant. We walked around and came back at 9:04 and already there was a line. Luckily we managed to snag some seats at the high table though so definitely come early, this place is as popular as they say! I asked if I could get the sandwich without cheese - DENIED.  Said the cheese was already pre-mixed into the eggs.  I decided to chance it. I've hated cheese my entire life, I've become quite adept at picking out cheese from food.  And glad I did, because all I had to do was open the sandwich and not eat the side on which the cheese was melted. The rest was delicious and cheese free (uhm...but this also means the cheese could have easily been left out but....whatever).  I asked for a knife and fork from a passing waitress (crucial tools in my cheese extraction)...who reluctantly gave them to me with this request: "please be careful of the plates when  using the knife and fork, the plates scratch easily and can also break if you press too hard" - uhm. really? I need to be careful of breaking plates.....at a restaurant.....with my utensils?  Sounds like someone bought some useless plates. They were very pretty though.So why 5 stars for a place that refused me to go cheeseless and warns you of heavy utensil use? Cuz the food is delicious! Really, go and get the sandwich. I miss it already. Also the vibe is great. Lovely cozy spot perfect for breakfast to fuel you up for a day of sightseeing. Also, our main server (male) was great, super nice and friendly and overall we had a great meal. Approx $70 Canadian (including tip) for 2 sandwiches, 1 fruit bowl, 1 pastry, 2 coffees and 2 very fresh squeezed orange juice for a party of 3.
Amazing paninis and the curry & cream of squash soup of the day was delicious. 10/10, will come back next time I visit Montréal.
Ok you've probably read it all about olive and gourmando but it really is worth the hype. We had the gourmando chicken sandwich and it was Devine. They soldOut of the cold sandwiches which I hear is pretty common. Expect to wait or try going an hour before closing. We got lucky and had a table right away. I had the only beer they had. It was a Canadian brew (blonde) it was very good. Simple sandwiches make for delicious sandwiches. Nothing is overstated about this place which is probably why it's so good. Just one of those places that live up to the hype.
During that rainy day, we were strolling along the streets of Old Montreal.  It seemed like we were the only ones in the city as we were exploring the area.  Came across Olive & Gourmando, and it was packed with people!  Guess everyone was hanging out at this cozy little cafe.  Fortunately, we were able to grab two spots at one of their communal tables.Did not try any of their sandwiches.  We wanted to try their baked goods.  They looked so mouthwatering delicious in their display as we walked in.  Purchased 4 items.Brioche Choco Banana ($3.95)Almond Croissant ($3.75)Banana Nut Muffin ($3.75)Brownie ($3.75)Each item tasted quite good.  No, "Wow" factor with regards to the taste, though.  Would try some of their many other baked goods next time.Overall, Olive & Gourmando is a fine establishment.  Although it was a bit loud and crowded inside, I liked the ambiance.   Service and cleanliness was also fine as well.
Best meal we had while in Montreal. Get the Pannini.
Excellent food and friendly staff. The Reuben sandwich was the best panini I've ever had.I also managed to drop over $200 on the floor as I was paying and one of the staff ran after me in the snow for a few blocks to return it.
I had not truly experienced a brioche until I came here.The sandwiches were delicious, but months later the brioches that stay with me (both in memory and in actuality, on my thighs).  They are astoundingly good.   My friend and I came here twice on our long-weekend trip to Montreal, and munched on brioches and other pastries on the ride home.   The banana chocolate brioche was my favorite.   It gets crowded fast, so get there early, I would say before 11am if possible, if you don't want to wait  a long time for a table.  On the bright (or dark, depending on your perspective on temptation) side, you can admire the piles of amazing looking pastries -- the details of the sheen on the glazed gigantic croissants, the crumbly nooks on the scones, the powdered sugar on the brioches.  The savory goods were indeed good -- I believe we had the Cuban and the Cajun Chicken, both delicious.  If you're planning a trip to Montreal and intend to visit O&G, note that they are closed on Sundays and Mondays.
ATMOSPHEREWalking in, there were pastries and coffee at the front and seats in the back for a sit down meal. We got there quite late, circa 245 pm, and found that there was still a 45 minute wait. This cozy little spot is notorious for a wait, but it was well worth it. FOOD The only disappointing thing was how much had sold out by then! All the cold sandwiches I wanted to try were out. Alas, I took a deep breath and decided upon having a chicken kale caesar salad. Boy was it tasty! And THAT BREAD. So delish. Next time I'm in, I'd like to make it earlier to try one of the sandwiches. And if you don't have the luxury of time, do yourself a solid and get a croissant and/or a few pastries for the road.OVERALLComing back the next time I'm in town. Such a cute spot and I'm determined to get a sandwich next time around!
Turns out my internal vacation clock is perfect for avoiding crowds. No line ups at 4PM on a Saturday, though a few items were unfortunately sold out (the regular croissants, all three hot dishes, and a seafood dish). We were here for the ricotta (sweet) that my companion had hailed as the best thing ever and were sad to have missed breakfast hours. Except! Breakfast menu turns out to be available all day. Now the difficulty of choosing between the sweet (which we were here for) and the salty (which also seemed well reviewed). Alas, we got both - and thankfully we did! Both very well balanced and refreshing. The RICOTTA (SALTY) - with sauteed broccolini, pine nuts, parmesan, and dried currents, served alongside ricotta drizzled in olive oil and a healthy sprinkling of black pepper. beautiful combination of creamy, crunchu, chewy, salty, sweet, bitter, hot, cold. Everything. The RICOTTA (SWEET) was far less complex in ingredients but just as flavourful. Orange zest, (possibly orange-infused) honey, and salt flakes garnishing ricotta. Both are incredibly refreshing and different enough that it didn't seem like we were overloading on the ricotta. Both also came with enough slices of crusty bread to scoop it all up, except we got an extra CHEESE CROISSANT for good measure. More of the chewy than flaky-and-crumble-all-over-your-face type. not bad at all but the cheese was unnecessary in this pairing.Decor is so homey (with the cutest menu illustrations on the wall), and there's a comfortable amount of natural light. Plus, the windows open, which, on that beautiful sunny day, made the afternoon perfecto. Seating is very intimate but doesn't get overly loud. Totally would love to have this as my corner coffee shop.
This place came highly recommended to me. I was visiting Montreal for the first time, and I was told that this cafe had the best coffee and baked goods. There was an off-hand mention of the "beautiful but ill-tempered" employees but I glossed over it. MISTAKE.We arrived and were seated promptly. Upon attempting to order, we discovered they were out of nearly everything we wanted. It was around 11am, and they told us they were out of coffee and the first two sandwiches I tried to order. I work as a waitress in a restaurant. I understand that it is not the fault of the waiters that items run out. However, the rude, irritated attitude of the waiter was uncalled for. If your menu is only 10-12 items long and 2 of them are sold out, you should tell people before they survey the menu. Or apologize for the inconvenience. I tried to order a third sandwich modified without mushroom, which I was told was not possible. I ended up ordering the vegan sandwich.The sandwich was excellent.That being said, the overall experience was so poor that I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. There are plenty of other restaurants in Montreal with exceptional food and good service.
Aside from the long line ups and crowded tables, it's worth coming here to eat for their superb sandwiches! If you come too late, some menus will be sold out, so be early!! Take out also available if you don't want to wait in line.
My previous time in Montreal, I unfortunately walked in right at closing time. This time around I made it a point to stop by, even risking missing my flight. Was it worth it? Oui Oui Absolutely! Had the cubain, which can only be discriminated as a fancy upscale Cuban. What a great delicious take on a classic sandwich. The menu is filled with inventive interpretations. It's no wonder the place is always filled to the brim
An Mtl classic. Probably one of the better places to do breakfast/brunch/lunch in the Old Port. Many good options - I like their housemate salty ricotta. Decent coffee. Price is not high but certainly not the best deal in town. I still love coming here on Sat AMs w my daughter (we're neighbours ;-))The staff is friendly and hip. Lovely atmosphere.
Yummy. Came in here at 11am on a Thursday. Trying to beat the crowd. That didn't happen. It was packed already!! We waited about 5 minutes to be seated. There were a lot of young and middle aged hip Quebecers at this joint. Strangers sitting next to strangers. Tight seating. Very enjoyable. This is a place people go for good food and a good sangwich. Menu is diverse with eclectic choices. I went with the grilled cheese and an espresso. It came to me promptly after ordering it. It did not disappoint. As I took my first bite and felt the salty crunch beneath my teeth I knew this was going to be good. Bite. Tangy onions. Salty cheese. Bite chew bite bite chew bite chew and some swallows mixed in there. I finished it quickly because it was so good and I just couldn't stop myself. The espresso had a nice burnt chocolaty taste. It was a good espresso. Not the best I've ever had but it was good. We didn't get pastries to to but there were an ample amount of them and they all looked good. I bet they all had a nice crisp to them just like my sandwich. Go to this place and get a sandwich. You can thank me later.
I absolutely love this place. I was there years ago but still remember how quaint and cozy and warming this place was. The service was super friendly and the food was on par. I'm planning on going back next year and this is my first stop when I go back.
A really great lunch spot. Every time we have come here we had to wait for a seat because it's really popular.  Has a good atmosphere and the food is worth the wait.
So delicious and fresh! I got The Big Healthy Salad with a side of avocado, and my mom got the housemade ricotta served with fresh toasts and a tomato/corn salad. Very cozy and welcoming atmosphere...definitely a must-go lunch spot.
Had breakfast here on a weekday. Very busy and crowded. I enjoyed the food.Food: 4/5, got the panini with poached egg and meat. Spicy, warm and very delicious.Service: 2/5, lacklustre, felt a bit rushed and the tables and seats were not very comfortable.Ambience: 3/5, nice little place with cool decor.Price: 2/5, overpriced for what you get; somewhat odd for Montreal but it could because they have buzz. Not sure about the $5 lemonade lol.
What a beautiful, cozy place! The food is delicious; the salads and sandwiches are always my choice and the pastry are just perfect for my usual cappuccino! I love the vibe of the place; the moment you take your seat at the table, the day becomes better, surrounded with those beautiful smells of coffee and toasted bread and muffins :)The service is perfect, it always comes with a smile and with the answers and suggestions you need!
The-best-place in Montreal for breakfast and brunch. Oh wow, I still remember the taste of their numerous and beautiful pastries I tried with my boyfriend. Flaky, buttery, fruity deliciousness in buns, croissants, danishes and donuts. Everything was delicious and I wish I tried everything else. Place was super busy when we got there so we grabbed food to go instead. Get there early if you want to sit down or be prepare to wait.
What a great place for fresh baked good, good coffee and excellent brunch. The menu is delicous - we tried almost all of it and i was pleasantly impressed. It's got all the ingredients of a traditional brunch - but it's turned into something modern, pseudo healthy and something to think about all day really.Come early, or cross you fingers, or sweet talk every person who works there.
Outstanding bakery.Excellent for breakfast or lunch.  Salad and  sandwich listings are a bit limited, but you are bound to find something you like.  The baked products are some of the best I have tasted.  The lines can be long on the weekend...so get there expecting to wait.
Stumbled across this amazing place while exploring the port. As soon as we walked in, we were blown away with the atmosphere and decor. The first thing we saw were the croissants, which certainly made our mouths water. They looked so good, that we ended up getting 3 (cheese, almond and chocolate) and all were just as amazing as they looked. My boyfriend got the "egg on your face" sandwich. I'm not a huge fan of spicy food (which this sandwich was) so I didn't get one of my own, but decided to try it once it came out. I loved it so much that I ended up eating half of my boyfriends sandwich. Seriously one of the best sandwiches I've tasted in a while. Food was delicious and coffee was fantastic. Service was excellent as well. Certainly a must-try when you're in Montreal.
Super cute cafe with a great menu and wonderful staff. On a Saturday around lunch, we waited for about 10 minutes for a table, which I have to say I'm quite fine with. I wouldn't want to bring a big group here though, since I heard them quoting waits of closer to 45 minutes to people with more than about 4 people.We both had paninis, which were very good. I think that if I ever came back here, I would want to try something a little more interesting, but that's not because the paninis were bad - there were just so many great things on the menu. A little pricey, but I think it's just since the whole area seems pretty upscale.I didn't get any baked goods, but I totally lusted after them, and I would for sure try some if I came back.
Out of all the restaurants I visited over the long weekend...Olive & Gourmando was one of my favourites. We dined here on our first day in Montreal and we ordered take-out on the last day of our trip. ;)As we were one block away from Olive & Gourmando on Thursday morning, we could smell something delicious. By the time we reached the corner of Saint Pierre and Saint Paul, there were already a few people patiently waiting for the restaurant to open. The moment the clock struck 8, we were welcomed with smiling faces as the door swung open. With a comfy, rustic vibe and a counter filled with freshly baked goods, stepping into Olive and Gourmando first thing in the morning was delightful.My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed the "Poached Egg On Your Face" Panini. Sriracha in a breakfast sandwich? Yes, please! It was a bit greasy, but delicious -- deliciously crunchy and cheesy with a bit of a kick.I am a chocoholic, and I couldn't leave Olive & Gourmando without trying a brioche, the Brioche au Chocolat Valrhona in particular. The moment I took my first bite, I died and went to chocolate heaven... The brioche was nice and warm, soft, and VERY chocolatey! I LOVE chocolate but even I think it may be a bit too chocolatey sweet for breakfast. It worked out nicely that my boyfriend and I shared something savoury and something sweet.Before heading back home, we stopped by Olive & Gourmando again. This time, it was right around noon and there was a bit of a line, filled with both tourists and locals, waiting to be seated. We decided to just order take-out and ended up getting five Chocolate and Banana & Chocolate brioches to bring back home. I'm not a fan of bananas, but I was told the Banana Chocolate Brioche was amazing as well.If you are in the area, and/or you are looking for a place that offers good sandwiches and pastries, why not? It may be a little pricey, but I'm pretty certain I'll return anyway, to try their lunch menu and other pastries next time I'm in Montreal again.
Food is amazing, so it's always -always- packed, I guess that could justify to some extent why the staff seems overworked and stressed out. Don't expect service with a smile, especially from the cashiers. If you are willing to sacrifice a friendly service for great food then it's definitely worth a visit.
Best place to go for lunch. It's always packed, which is a good sign, so I just walk to the back and order lunch to go. Their soups are tasty and salads, really good. Haven't had their pastries yet, try to resist, but they look like the best things I've seen in Montreal. Great service, good food, great atmosphere, decent price, I will be back.Love this place!
Came here with a friend during a weekend stroll. The place was packed! And it was 3pm on a weekend! Luckily, we were able to grab seats by the windows. The place is definitely cozy, but it gives off a really nice vibe throughout the surroundings. I had the Cuban sandwich and it was so good! The sandwich temperature was probably close to burning, but it makes all the difference when it's freshly made. My friend told me this was the best sandwich place in Montreal - and I don't doubt her words. There is a large variety of other sandwiches, so I would definitely return to try new items. I also saw many baked goodies (pastries!).Service was alright - A little slow, maybe sitting in a corner was a bad idea. I don't really remember interacting with the waitress much, since she appeared to have many other tables she was managing. The one thing that probably carved an impression on me was the table spacing. I remember seeing other customers trying to find ways to leave their seats without having to step on anyones toes....Other than that, the place is definitely worth a visit!
This was one of our favorite stops in Montreal! Seriously, such a hopping eatery, even on a tuesday. But the wait is worth it! I love the space and liveliness inside. We shared their beet soup and cuban sandwich. The soup was so so good. A swirl of olive oil, dill and feta cheese made it delicious. And the sandwich was done well too: hot, gooey cheese and turkey between two slices of crunchy panini bread.We also bought some pastries to go - the almond croissant, two scones and a blueberry danish. The blueberry danish was the best. The pastries were good, but not amazing.
Wonderful, must try spot in Old Montreal.Getting this out of the way up front..The three negatives that are somewhat minor are...1. You will wait and wait for a table on a nice weekend.2. Service is only ok. They are so busy that you may be overlooked at times.3. No coffee refills. The coffee is 3$, your meal is over $15, but no refills on coffee.Beyond that...1. The Cuban and egg in your face paninis are both delicious and of a respectable size.2. The chocolate brioche bun (as well as the blueberry) are a meal in themselves. I suggest splitting one of these if you are also having something else! This is one of the best sweet treats I have eaten in a long time.3. The fresh fruit bowl with yogurt is super fresh and delicious.4. The decor in here is fun. The chandelier (made out of vines) is cool, as are all the chalkboard drawings and general feel of the space.You have to eat here. Overall, it is a bit pricey, but the food and experience are worth it. Just go slow on the coffee.
Your quintessential bakery cafe on Montreal. We had the ricotta marmalade on fresh toast and the egg panini with sriracha that complimented the desire for sweet and salty!  We were definitely happy with the food and service. Upon exiting, you can just get up and pay at the counter without the need to wait for your server. This is a plus for me!
Tasty food, nice decor, good quality ingredients - the poached eggs in your face panini is very yummy. (But you have to go early because they sell out quickly - around noon, they should stock up on more of those so that we don't have to rush to go early!)The only thing that sucks is the lineup/wait time because it's not a big café, hence the 4 instead of 5 stars. it's not cheap, but I'd rather pay a little bit more for something good than get something cheap that tastes cheap.. After all it's unlikely that you'll find something in old Montreal that is good and cheap.
Service: Great, though we had to wait for about 20 min. It was a Saturday afternoon around 4 pm. This may be why it was so busy.Food: Really excellent. My date had an excellent sandwich and my salad was delicious. Everything was local and organic, always a plus in my book.Atmosphere: Really loud, but cool and trendy.Pricing: Slightly overpriced, but when you consider the quality of the ingredients, it may be the right price-point.
We went for lunch on a busy day. It was packed but we were served quite fast! The Gustavo sandwiches were delicious! The waiter even took the time to check if everything was okay. Great place.
Good food and good service! You should know the place gets real crowded during lunch hours on weekdays.I really like their lunch menu, their breakfast menu could be better, maybe some more savory options.
Dropped in for breakfast before heading to the airport and it was a fitting end to a great food experience in Montreal.  - Homemade "Sweet" RicottaThe ricotta came with honey, orange zest and sea salt, served w/ toast.  Thought it could've come w/ a little more honey to balance out for each bite.  Could be preference, but by the end, only had the ricotta on toast left over, which was good by its own right - "Poached egg on your face" PaniniProbably my favorite dish of the morning, the bread had a satisfying crunch on the outside w/ a soft interior.  The cheese and egg melts in your mouth, complimented by the siracha for a spicy kick.  The menu says a speck of pork, but there was a decent amount of pig in there.  Maybe speck means something different in Canada...- Butter CroissantCrispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, done perfectly.- Apple TurnoverNot too sweet, with the brown sugar coating gave it an extra crunch.- Chocolate-Banana BriocheSo flavorful but extremely dense.  Not necessarily a bad thing, but you could probably get full just off of the brioche, so beware when ordering.
Got the cuban sandwich and it was a lot better than some of the cuban sandwiches I've had at cuban restaurants. Also got a chocolate chip and pecan cookie from their pastries section and it was amazing. The portion size is just good enough that a little dessert afterwards puts you in a good spot. Place was very busy on a Wednesday afternoon, but we were seated within 15 minutes.
tourist trap through and through!i headed down this morning to old montreal on my little workout bike ride and decided to stop at O&G since i was already there and figure that at 9am, it wouldn't be too bad. how mistaken i was. not only was the place already jam packed but the wait time was about 45 minutes long and it was only 9am on a fucking friday. ok, its the long weekend. understandable.so making my way through for some takeout which is what you should be doing unless you want to sit. while i was waiting to order, i took a good look at their baked goods. they looked delicious but the price, you better be the best and to be frank, its hard to top Guillaume.anyway, since i already munch on some buttery goods earlier, i only got a coffee, a small cappuccino to go. how's the coffee?for one, it's THE priciest coffee out there! it's starbucks pricing and it's very starbucks tasting. in short, CRAP! beans are from pilot coffee roasters which is decent to quite good depending where you go. for example, Odessa near little italy uses amongst other pilot coffee and they do it right.that coffee came in piping hot, somehow lacking in flavor and above all, it's cortado sizing at tourist pricing. when you compare, its almost 2 italian caffè or one very generous dispatch or l'artiste affamé latté.service took forever despite lineup not being that long. compare to Olimpico on a sunny summer weekend day, that lineup is a joke yet takes longer to be serve than Olimpico.the only redeeming factor for the place is you're getting everything in one single stop. for the lazy, go ahead but for those who wants what Montreal does best, you're better off hitting the eclectic charming neighborhoods up north.and for those who wants a similar experience to O&G but cheaper? head straight to Hof Kelsten. its a very similar concept
We had a very nice quick lunch at this well located establishment in the heart of the old town of Montreal.  The pace is fast and reminds me of the quick serve restaurants in Los Angeles.  We had their Cajun chicken sandwich (so big that we split it).  Was very delicious and the pineapple was a great touch.  We also shared a delicious cheese croissant and this delicious sugary fried croissant type thing that I can't remember the name of as of this review.  Only thing weird was their iced tea was sooooo small, almost like a shot.
Stopped in around 2pm on a Saturday. This place was hopping! 35min wait for a table. Luckily those that don't want to wait can either order take out, or you can purchase their bakery items. Latte was amazing, panini was fantastic! Service was very polite and quick. Would definitely go back.
Whether you're vegan, vegetarian, or a carnivore (me), Olive & Gourmando redefines what wholesome, homemade food should be.
On our visit to Montreal, we stopped by this place around 3pm [during a winter storm] and it was packed to the brim. We eventually got a table and ordered the chicken/bean/cilantro/cheese soup as well as the Ginger Ice Tea, The Gustavo panini, Goat Cheese Risotto, and [a twist on the] Mac 'n' Cheese. The food was classic artisan yum, the flavours bountiful, and the presentation... earthy --- simply what the palate needed. We finished everything -- even the random sliced almond from the green salad. Worth. It.
So excellent, highly recommend. Pricing here is pretty reasonable and for the quality you get, you'll be pleasantly surprised! I got a cuban panini, and it was toasty and melty and crunchy in all the right ways. My friend ordered a specialty salad (it was a lot of grains and fresh vegetables) that was superb. Their latte was also very good. This is a must-visit in Old Montreal, and if I'm ever in Montreal again, I'm going to come visit.
Delish, hip, happening and fresh. Worth the wait but it can be so hard to sit tight on a cold winter's day!
This is one of my favorite late lunch spots in Montreal. However, I mention late because this place is very busy and the wait list is long! No reservations. The interior is welcoming and cozy.For beverages, you must try their home made lemonade, it is simply delicious and refreshing.  Their mocha coffee is very good too. For meals, my favorite is The Cubain, it's porc and pancetta with a Gruyere cheese. In the fall, their Mac N Cheese is very good too. I personally also love a side of their green salad - it has a distinct taste that at first I was not so crazy about but it has grown on me since then and I love it! And, a must try at the end of your meal to complete everything is their brownie - so moist and simply to die for! Prices are pricey but well worth it on a gorgeous day! (About $50-$60 for 2 people for lunch.)
Arrived around noon on a Saturday and there were at least 15 people waited to be seated. We gave our name for the wait list and was told 5-10 minutes. The wait was only a few minutes for a shared table which was fine with us. The place is super cozy and love the fresh baked goods on display. We both got paninis which were buttery, and quite filling. I thought both were too salty though. The first few bites were great, but it quickly got too heavy. Next time, will opt of the salad and split the hot dog.
I would rate this a 5, but for a couple of quirks. I will definitely go again when next in Montreal.Two of us had the house made ricotta with honey and toast. Adult and child both loved it.I had the bufala maple yogurt with fruit. It was perfect. Maybe 8-10 types of fruit chopped tiny with the delicious yogurt. Quirk: happy accident as this was not exactly what I had ordered. When I got to the bottom of the bowl and had not encountered the granola, I really didn't care as it was that good.One had the egg on your face panini which she enjoyed, but found the spicy warning out of place.The croissants, plain and almond, were much enjoyed by mother and child.Quirk: for $4.50 each I would expect the hot chocolate to be made with milk. They were bitter dark chocolate and watery. The children and adults agreed that even with added sugar, these were disappointing.
I LOVED this place! It was one of my favorites in Montreal for brunch. My fiancee and I went there on a snowy morning, which made it a romantic setting looking out on the streets of Old Montreal. The decor is great, the pastries are delicious and their presentation is lovely. I was a bit bummed because I wanted to try their poached egg in your face sandwich and they were out. I ended up getting the sweet ricotta with orange zest and honey instead (YUM!!!) and my fiancee had a chicken panini, which he said was one of the best paninis he has ever had. That is a bold statement from him! We also had their chocolate banana brioche and the maple pecan brioche, both were AMAZING. Trust me, this place won't disappoint. But be prepared for a wait, the place was packed, rightfully so!
We were visiting from Toronto. Had excellent food. Each item was delicious. Being a vegetarian in Montreal is not an easy task. But we had excellent vegetarian lunch. They tend to run out of few meals. Still excellent food and service.
We ate here recently on a trip to Montreal. We stopped in for a late lunch, but the place was still hopping. W/o a reservation we were able to get a table in about 10-15 minutes. I had the Cuban panini and the hubs had the cold chicken sandwich. Both were tasty and pretty filling and large portions. We opted for dessert, but I kind of wish we hadn't. While the desserts looked very appealing, the almond croissant and chocolate brioche, they were a little dry and we didn't finish either. Overall, this is a great place to stop for a quick bite in the Old City.
Amazing Cuban sandwich and salads, worth the wait! The coffee and chai are also very good!
We stopped in for lunch at Olive & Gourmando after checking out the Phi Center next door (great place, btw!). We had a short wait for a table which is to be expected at exactly noon on a Tuesday. I ordered the Cajun Chicken sandwich and was told that since they were out of mango, it would be served with pineapple instead, yum! Husband ordered the Cuban Sandwich and a cup of the soup du jour which was Tomato Meatball. We were both very impressed with our meals! I would have preferred to have my sandwich heated up, but it was still delicious cold. Our waiter was very pleasant and the serve was quite quick considering the place was completely packed! This is definitely on the list of places to return to next time we are in town!
My boyfriend and I found this place on Yelp while blindly looking for paninis near our apartment during our stay in Old Montreal. We came for a late lunch around 2pm on a Wednesday, so we were luckily seated right away. The place has a very trendy, eccentric vibe and a unique menu. At first we were hesitant about some of the menu items (a panini with pickle mayo?), but decided to order the Cubain and Pomodoro paninis to split since they were most appealing to us.I am not exaggerating when I say there are the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The Pomodoro got better with every bite, the perfect mix of salty and savory. As the for the Cubain, I would choose this as my last meal. The variety of flavors fused together into one and somehow really worked together. We also ordered two cappuccinos which were also very good. The server was very friendly and accommodating.We enjoyed our food so much that we even came back and ordered two more paninis to go for our long road trip back to the US. It was a Friday afternoon around 12:30pm, and although it was raining, the line was out the door. I'd recommend coming late afternoon to avoid the rush and really enjoy the meal! Definitely don't miss this stop in Montreal.
Near-perfect. The setup is unique, ordering your way through what is Montreal's most unique gourmet cafeteria. The food is divine - tons for the vegetable lover, sandwich aficionado, or soup slurper. Prices range, but you don't have to be loaded to eat there. Perfect to run into on a cold Montreal day, for a pastry and a coffee - or a warm meal. Rush hours will see a line form, probably worth up to a 15 minute wait....unless you're freezing and it's winter...in which case, find a coffee shop and wait it out there!
Good, but pricey and a little strange. We waited for about 45 minutes for a table for two, so obviously this place is popular. You are packed in, basically sitting shoulder to shoulder with the person next to you. We got fussed at for putting our jackets in the window sill (a little strange), so we had jackets piled on the backs of our chairs. I ordered the Cuban, which was delicious, but pricey at over $10 without any sides. I asked for a side of chips, and all they have are full size bags of chips made for multiple people... So it became close to $20 for a sandwich and chips. Like I said, the food was delicious, but it's pricey for what you get and you don't have much space.
Their bread is like a carb pillow or fluffy dough cloud. If you've tried it, this is the prefect analogy. I'm not high.Sandwich menu is made of heaven. I waiver between the Viva Las Vegan and Cubano. Sweets spread is everything you could want and your ass is afraid of.I wish they had more salad options. Everyone has faults.Espresso is lovely. Lunchtime line is hell. Going during off times is cool and it is worth the wait. I hate lines so I mean it when I say it is worth the time.Always bustling.
Worth the line up. This is a pretty small cafe so a wait is pretty much guaranteed(especially if its on a weekend). However unlike kazu, you'll usually be seated in less than 20 mins.   I tried the cuban panini while my friends both had the cajun chicken sandwich. I was told the cuban panini is a must try at olive and gourmando so i wanted to see what the fuss was all about. The waiter was extremely nice despite how busy the restaurant is and repeated fill up our water. The food also came within reasonable time, or maybe we were just too busy catching up. Boy, was the panini good. The cheese, the pork, the lime and chipotle all came together perfectly. DEFINITELY WORTH THE HYPE. I was told that my friend's sandwiches were also both excellent. The portion is extremely generous, although i didn't hesitate to finish it all in one sitting.   Great place to catch up over brunch, and bonus ? a nice walk around old port after the meal.
Adore the atmosphere and decor of this little shop! Very busy but still managed to snag a cozy table for 2 during lunch hour.  We had the pomme de luxe panini and Caesar salad, both fresh and well seasoned!  Staff was kind and attentive.  Slightly on the expensive side (e.g. $4 for espresso) but enjoyed the whole experience!
They were so unpleasant seating us that we simply walked out.Went across the street for a great breakfast at the Portuguese place.
C'est bon!friday morning brunch- decaf latte, cubain panini et butter croissant.the cubain panini is warm and tasty, with delicious Italian bacon and cheese. Highly recommend. The latte is okay, not outstanding. But it neutralizes the strong taste of the panini.The croissant could be better.Very crowded even though we arrived by 11.Service is good.Will visit again.
Everything Olive & Gourmando makes is good! Their sandwiches are just so good, especially the Cuban one. Good selection of tea and sweets too! If you happen to go for brunch on the weekend, try to get there when they open, so you don't have to wait. It gets really busy, but it is worth the wait.
It is so clear once you visit O&G why it is such a fan favorite on Yelp. We visited for an early lunch on a Wednesday during the winter and the place was abuzz. There is a nicely curated arrangements of tables and seats, but despite the busyness, we did not wait more than five minutes for a seat. Service was solid as many people attended to us while we were there. I started with a latte which was perfect for the grey day outside. There were so many options on the menu that appealed to me, but ended up with The Gustavo panini that had chicken, portobello mushroom, balsamic, maple mustard, cheese.. man, it was killer. A lot of their verbiage in the restaurant/cafe speak to their food being 'homemade' and 'made with love' and that is so apparent. When you are done you walk up and cash out at the counter which is very smart. They have you wait in a line that forms along a beautifully arranged counter of delicious pastries, cookies and sweets. If my sandwich hadn't filled me up to the top, I could have impulse bought one of everything. I highly recommend a visit to this clear local and tourist favorite.
We visited during non peak hours, it was around 1-2pm so we easily grabbed a table with no problems. Cute little place, great energy and nice staff. The Cuban panini was killer and the shrimp and crab salad hit the spot! A bit pricey for what you get but the quality is there.
So, so, SO cute that I wanted to love it but just couldn't. The breakfast food is fine, but not special enough to make up for the crowds and blasé service. The menu is pricey for what it is.I found the coffee to be a bit astringent. (Many people were drinking tea, so maybe I should have taken the hint.) The homemade granola with yogurt was average, but the sweet ricotta with toast was a nice change from the usual. The lunch offerings look more interesting, so maybe I was expecting too much for breakfast.O&G was recommended by everyone, but I'm beginning to think that that was part of the problem: a victim of its own success.
Awesome lil crowded cafe in Old Montreal serving YUMM Sandwiches & baked Goodies. They say makin the beast with two backs  is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate. I'd say its biochemically no different than havin the delicious Sandwiches or patisserie @ O&G.  Nuff said........... Food -  GreatService - Fast & friendlyAmbiance - Casual / Cozy / CrowdedWorth the money -Yisss
I wanted an authentic breakfast and I found it! (or at least I think I did) Yelp led me to Olive and Gourmando and it did not disappoint! I ordered tea and it came in a teapot and everything. The chocolate croissant was delicious and so were the other couple baked goods we tried. Also, I am not remembering the name, but there was a panini (only one on the menu) that was incredible - a perfectly warm, lightly meaty, mega-cheesey panini! And who wouldn't love their slogan, "eat, drink, be merry."
Pastries here are a little bit pricy, but it definitely worth it. Best palmier and best chocolate brownie that tastes like Japanese red beans dessert. Eggs on your face panini is the best panini I've ever had! Every time I went there, I had to wait like 30 minutes. Always busy there!
snoby and expensive place for tourists, but its sure fresh and somewhat creative there's no waiters though love the sandwhiches if im a tourist id be so happy to sit there and watch the crowd in old port unfortunately i am a local and can find better places
Their grilled cheese is RIDICULOUS. As are all of the soups.
The breakfast panini was really greasy, kind of too spicy and flavourless. I wanted to love this place SO BADLY. It was so pretty, the people were nice, the location is so quaint and cute. Gosh I'm really disappointed.I will give it another shot and try a banana chocolate something or another...
1. The WaitWe arrived at 11 am on a Saturday morning. There was a line that was out the door when we arrived and the place was packed. We were told the wait was at least 15 min, I think we were seated in 5 - sweet!2. The OrderAfter reviewing the fairly short menu, it was time to order. Poached eggs pls? We're sold out. Some OJ pls? We're also sold out. This was disappointing because what kind of breakfast places runs out of eggs and oranges? I didn't have the heart to show my disappointment as the waiter was accommodating and quickly got us the lunch menu as we didn't find anything else we really felt like ordering on the breakfast menu. 3. The FoodI end up ordering the Cubain panini from the lunch menu and the regular green salad as they didn't offer side salads. The salad for $7 was worth it. It was a nice portion for $7 - all fresh ingredients. They've got their own twist on this salad though, there are some fairly strong smelling herbs that make up a good portion of the salad. Unfortunately, I couldn't identify them as something I'm familiar with. There were some almonds, but other than that, it's a pretty no frills salad which was what I was looking for. The Cubain panini tasted great and comes in a fairly large portion. Great flavours and sauce! Is this going to be the best panini you've had in your life? Probably not, but it's darn good and up there. Lastly, my friend go the banana chocolate brioche to go which is supposedly their most famous pastry. We ended up eating this a little later in the afternoon, it tasted nice and chocolatey, but as far as the banana taste goes, we couldn't really find it. Perhaps it was just too much chocolate. 4. The DrinkNo OJ right? So I order the "elixir" some sort of green tea + ginger + ?one last thing I can't remember? Well seeing that I can't remember the last ingredient means I didn't taste it. In fact, I'm pretty sure I didn't taste any ginger either. As far as green teas go, there was a strong green tea taste. Overall, I felt completely ripped off by this drink even though it only cost $4.50.
This place is great for sandwiches but prepare to wait in line! I highly recommend the paninis because they are AWESOMELY CRISPY! I also really like the ice tea even though it's pricey. While you wait you can always walk around and look at some galleries at Old Port.
Quick friendly service, but not rushed.  The food and espresso drinks were great!  I will go back.
We go out of our way to go here every time we visit Montreal (in fact we've booked hotels just so that they're within walking distance).  It can get pretty crowded especially on weekends for brunch and it looks like it is very popular with locals.  The decor and service are both wonderful, really cosy right in the heart of old montreal.  I've been getting the egg-on-your-face sandwich (basically a panini with ham and cheese and a poached egg plus some sriracha on it) since I first went there five years ago.  It has been consistently excellent as are all their pastries.  Great selection of teas and coffees too.
We came across this and it was a gem of a find. Great atmosphere. The menu is great and very unique and the food was so delicious. We had the chicken salad with the "salty " ricotta and soup. So good.
Visited Montreal for the long weekend and had a great lunch here. The line was crazy long but well worth the wait. Food is delicious and staff are attentive. They can easily accommodate gluten free. Their soup of the day was amazing. I'll be back.
We were so taken with Olive & Gourmando on our visit to Montreal that we went back again, and definitely thought about doubling back to Montreal from Quebec City later in our trip just to visit it again.The almond croissants are out of this world. They're just unbelievably good. The salads are wonderful, as well. But let me extol the virtues of a couple of the sandwiches we had.  The Cubain is a hugely memorable roasted port panini with gruyere, lime, chipotle, cilantro and mayo. This sandwhich just launched me into heaven. The chipotle especially gave this panini such a wondrous flavor. The Cajun Chicken sandwich was just an unexpected delight. I didn't come to Montreal to try "Cajun" anything, but the spices worked so well with the fresh ingredients on this sandwich that it was a toss-up which of the two sandwiches I planned to order again on my next visit. We'll definitely return when we come back to Montreal.Be prepared for long lines at lunch time unless you come early. This eatery's reputation is well earned. Apparently, everything on the menu tastes delicious.
I have honestly never been to a less accommodating restaurant.  OK, look, I know that I have some quirky-ish dietary restrictions (mostly vegetarian, slow-carb/low carb), but I'm not particularly fussy and every restaurant I've ever been to (sans this one) has been able to accommodate. So, there's a salad on the menu that looks like it will fit the bill, but it's served on noodles.  Can I get it with just more greens and no noodles?  No, we can't do that.  Can you take your regular greens salad and add vegetables (that are on the menu for other dishes)?  No.  How about the salad and some of the smoked trout from a smoked trout sandwich (I'll pay for both).  No - we can bring you the sandwich and you can scrape it off yourself.  What??  Really??Ended up with a simple greens salad that was at least 50% parsley (wow, lovely).  And, for the rest of the party (who ordered stock menu items), nothing was actually very good.  (Nothing was horrible, mind you, just not worth the trip here.)  It was, however, VERY expensive and there was an extra serving of hipster pretension thrown in for good measure. (Oh, I won't even mention the wait for all this pretension because, after all, one does know what one is getting into when you see the line.)Finally, it's not even as if there was even a bit of apology from the waiter for the absolute refusal to alter any dish in any way - just an offhanded, "we're a busy restaurant."  Got it.  You're very important, we're just the customers.
I have to admit, trying to get into the doorway of this cute brunch place is quite hectic.There is barely enough room to stand in the cramped entrance, whether you're just going for a pastry to-go or waiting for a seat. I arrived with two friends, and we were told the wait was going to be twenty minutes (this was at noon). We decided to wait. There's a continuous traffic of customers flying in and out the door. Olive et Gourmando has a lively ambience and warm atmosphere once you get to sit back and enjoy it. I've previously had the hot chocolate her (thick, bitter, rich; only downside was the incredibly small size of the cup) but today I was here to try a sit-down meal. I ordered the goat cheese panini with caramelized onions ($9.50) served with house made ketchup. It didn't take long to arrive, and was served hot and fresh. It met my expectations, yet I still regret not trying something sweet from the breakfast menu.I tried my friend's mac and cheese ($17 and served with salad). I found it salty, and I expected a bigger portion for the price. I must say, O +G is a place to enjoy a comfortable, satisfying meal. Nothing blew me away, but I had a nice experience here (except the first bit; trying to get into the restaurant!)
We were a party of three and shared a fall beet salad, the salted ricotta salad and a goat cheese hot panini.The food didn't last very long as it was delicious. The menu very much reflects the seasons and its options are extremely fresh tasting and masterfully put together.You have to try this place!
The first time I went here I loved it. I don't know what happened the second time. Its gotten much more busy and maybe I just didn't like what I ordered? Limited vegetarian options and I ended up with something rather plain. It was basically a grilled cheese with homemade ketchup. The ketchup was sooo clove-y. Really not my thing, clove flavoured dishes should come with a warning! Not worth waiting in line for. I do love their sound system and decor though.
It's near old port. When we arrived the sandwiches sold out. we ordered Soup of the day and Caesar salad and  panini. The soup is made of green beans it is So delicious but a little bit cold in a rainy cold day. The panini is crazy salty I had.
I have been going to OG for years. I have always loved the menu. The chill ambiance. There is a bit of a wait. It seems all the tourist have found out about this place as it was in a Montreal Tourist book as well as recommended by a lot of concierges. It's worth the wait. I always take the Cajun chicken with mango tomato guacamole on nan bread with a side of green salad. Mixed greens toasted almonds red onions and cashew dressing. Love their Cuban sandwich so cheesy and greasy. Their house cesar salad with chicken is so good hopefully they will bring it back. Love their raspberry lemonade. I always have two of those! Their cappuccinos are so creamy. For dessert try the brownies they have a hint of espresso it seems. It's a great cafe they also have a different menu for breakfast which I tried once but didn't really like the egg sandwich I would stick to yogurt and fruits. If you want to avoid the rush go around 11am-12pm or 5pm. They are closed on Sundays and Mondays. They are not open late.
We were at Olive et Gourmando early enough to beat the crowd and got seated right away. If I had to wait for a table, it might be a 3 star review.Great place for breakfast, as nothing beat some good pastry and coffee.We shared a Chocolate & Banana Brioche and a plain Croissant. Cappuccino was A OK though on the more mellow side.The tables are packed so closely together, not much privacy. Olive et Gourmando is good for something fast, but a place that you can really take your time and enjoy your food. By the time we were leaving, there was so many people blocking the entrance waiting for a table. I don't mind coming back for more treats or coffee but I doubt I would have wanted to wait for more than 10-15 minute for a table on on my vacation
This is a declaration of love for Olive et Gourmando! Located in the heart of Montreal, Olive et Gourmando has established themselves as a quintessential cafe of Old Montreal. Delicious breakfast items...piping hot Panini...fresh cold sandwiches...a table stacked with amazing baked goods as far as the eyes can see....what more can Hungarians (not to be confused with the good people of Hungary; but rather, hungry patrons) ask for? The flavor profile of the apple and parsnip soup with julienned pear covered with crispy bacon was truly divine. Needless to say, it was devoured within seconds. The #24 Salad must be sent by the Herbivore God.  The amazingly competent dish is comprised of the following: buckwheat soba noodles tossed with sesame oil, toasted unsweetened coconut, black sesame seeds, pickled daïkon and carrots, fried shallots, roasted marinated tofu, fresh herbs (basil, mint, cilantro), peas, fenugreek sprouts, red cabbage, cucumber, strips of kale, mixed sprouted beans, and mix seeds and nuts (small pieces of roasted unsalted cashew).The equally marvelous dressing consisted of rice wine vinegar, fresh ginger, organic cashew butter, some spicy chili sauce, sautéed onion, garlic, curry powder, cinnamon, cumin, fresh coriander and fresh lime juice."Am I dead, Angel? Cause this must be heaven!" O + G, I'd use cheesier pick-up line on you, but you're too smart for it.
Very busy at lunch time. You can go in and order to go which I did the second time I went... Found a spot in the sun a block down and enjoyed a little picnic. Loved the eggplant soup with feta and salsa verde. I will dream about that soup. Also I'm not vegan but loved the marinated roasted tofu on flatbread. Chocolate and banana brioche to die for.
Tried to go back two days in a row it was that good, unfortunately it was closed on Sunday. By the time we got there they were out of their famous poached egg Panini, so we went with the Cajun spiced chicken with guacamole, mango and roasted tomato. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Husband and I also split an almond croissant which was nothing short of incredible, and the lattes and drip coffee were great as well. HIGHLY recommend, the wait to eat here is worth it.
Finally, good coffee in Montreal! And the orange juice was what you imagine fresh squeezed juice should look like, but ought to be for $5.50/glass.The restaurant is on a really quaint, narrow street with other cafes and boutiques.The hot sandwiches were really tasty, but a little greasy (which can be a problem in a city that's so tight on napkins...).The cajun chicken sandwich was excellent - fresh and delicious. This is a cold sandwich, so not greasy. The bread was really unique - like the thin outer layer of a light focaccia.On the down side: no refills on $3 drip coffee; sandwiches ($10-12) are a little on the pricier side for Montreal cafes; the check machine calculates % tip on the total bill (including tax), so just be aware.
It's definitely a long wait, but if you go during off hours, it's not horrible.  You are seated. You order. You eat.  You pay at the register in the front. The mixed garden salad is full of beautiful green leafy herbs and various greens and toasted almonds, and great dressing. The Reuben sandwich is wonderfully crispy with nice Jewish meat. It's not the same as Katz but it's still a solid hot panini.
Olive et Gourmando is always a great place to grab a late lunch (it gets crazy busy between 11-2) but its worth even getting take-out. The last time I was there, I ordered the cuban sandwich and the creamy cauliflower soup of the day, both were just so delicious, flawless even. Service is always fantastic. Cozy, cute, friendly and has a local feeling rather than a touristy feeling despite it being in Old Montreal.
I really can't say more that hasn't already been said about this place. Staff is kind and informative, food is to die for, bread is crisp outside, soft inside, fresh fresh fresh. Do yourself a solid and go....please.
Their "Poached egg on your face" panini (a hint of sriracha sauce, though optional) is excellent and quite a change from your normal breakfast.
Went there at 10am, there was waiting line at that time. So if you do not want to wait, go there early. Best almond croissant I have ever had, the poached egg sandwich is a little salty but good, try soup of the day. Service is great.
Even the local Montrealins love this place!!  AMAZING food, fast courteous service, and fun bistro atmosphere.My husband spent our honeymoon in Montreal and as world travelers and food snob(speaking of myself), I had high expectations of the foodie city. After two weeks, many meals, and some home cooked, Olive and Gourmando was my FAVORITE meal and bistro!Let me start off by saying the night we ventured in, a sewer main broke a block away thus shutting off the bistros water supply. In mid chaos, any reasonable human would understand to be greeted by a frazzled and short host. Contrary to that, the manager calmly explained the situation and offered to let us stay for a Sandwich. We had been walking all day and needed to use the toilet (which of course was out of order due to the water shut off.) We decided to come back for lunch two days later.And that may have been our best decision the whole trip! I ordered a cappuccino and a simple bowl of tomato soup. Let me start with the cappuccino. If you've read my other reviews, I'm a coffee snob. I am appreciative and polite but, I will not drink a bad coffee. This espresso was dark and smooth! To add some twinkle to my good impression I saw the barista "testing" the machine making sure the espresso tasted exactly how it should.The tomato soup was both rich in texture and flavor, creamy and fresh! It was topped with a feta, parsley pesto.  SO GOOD! Just the bowl of soup was filling enough and packed with warm cozy flavor.  My husband got a Rueben panini. Again, the best Reuben I have every tasted-and I happen to not be big on meat! It was perfectly balanced between salty and savory, piping hot filled with gooey cheese and fresh crisp home made bread. Yum! Of course, it doesn't help that these are all fresh ingredients as its Montreal, practically France!We took dessert to go to enjoy later on our travels. As someone who lived in Italy, I fond memories of chocolate filled brioche. :) Either I was brought back to a state of ecstasy, or it really was the best Chocolatey Parisian pastry I've eaten. The only con I have was I shared it with my husband. I really do enjoy this bistro and will say one last thing- they are very welcoming to tourists. So put on your best French, our at least a big smile with your English and go eat some amazing food.
No wifi here! But it's okay. Per the server's joking suggestion, I forgot about the wifi and seized an opportunity to socialize. I made friends with a fellow entrepreneur who was also from the States. It was a great dining experience since we had an awesome view eating from the window bar-top. Those seats are perfect for people watching and passing time. The narrow alley ways of Old Port are interesting to be inside and to observe. Olive & Gourmando is a place to enjoy and savor. I easily had spent 2-hours there. I had a simple lunch: Latte, Cuban sandwich and then took some pastries to-go. They have a wide variety of baked goods on display that is hard to miss. So, don't skip!
Came to Olive et Gourmando for a quick lunch near the Old Port.  The place was packed of people on a beautiful day. I found the layout to be a bit confusing, I guess that adds to the charm here.  Tables by the Pastry display, Tables near the bathroom door, Tables along the line to wait to make your order in the back, waiters squeezing by, patrons hitting the seated diners trying to squeeze by. It was Perfect chaos, it felt hip in some way, the tightness and the amount of Louis Vuitton bags I spotted.Waiters asked while waiting in line if we wanted to be seated, the wait was 20 mins for a table so I passed and ordered in the back.  The chalkboards on the top left display the fresh Sandwiches of the day that are already made. There are signs hanging under the menu items telling you ' Trop Tard ; Too Late!' Yep that good.I ordered the Brie and Caramelized onions, with a homemade ketchup compote $9.50 (I really wanted the chicken..sold out!). My fiancé ordered the Cuban Sandwich ; Cuban - pressed very thin with Pancetta, braised pork & Gruyere cheese $11  After making the order in the back you then go to the front to pay and the girls are making espressos and lattes, and bagging up treats for hungry sweet-toothed customers.  Couldn't resist buying the Huge Triple Chocolate Cookie.Then you wait. There are benches outside and in front of the cash.  People ordering coffees with need of sugar or stir sticks, have to excuse the waiting benched customers to move for their self-custom blended coffee, again chaos. There has to be a better layout or is this charm?We waited some time before our ready made sandwiches were put in a Press,  Cut in half , then Bagged without side of homemade Ketchup, the Huge Cookie, and some napkins for us to go. As we walked to our Hotel the bag started to get translucent from the grease, the deliciousness was screaming to get out, a great sign. The Brie had a generous portion of the cheese and melted on the caramelized onions it was perfection. No need for the ketchup but tried it anyways and it was good, it tasted like a fruit chutney. The Cuban was amazing. There was Pancetta, Braised pork, and Gruyere cheese a beautiful marriage. The Braised pork was unexpectedly the star to me and had soo much flavour it Made this sammie. The crunchy bites were increasingly tasty.I was full and tried the Triple chocolate cookie. Wow, the generous amounts of Real Chocolate chips is soo good, it was an experience, it did not disappoint!  I Love Chocolate.O&G set the bar high. The best sandwich we had and made others eaten from now on difficult to beat!A MUST must try if in the Old Port area
Based on our lunch experience here.Service, the staff are very helpful, came by to remove dishes, ask for opinions and refills of drinks promptly.  No issues here.Decor/atmosphere, the place is nicely decorated but don't come here with a large group.  It seems like the ideal size is 2-3, 4 is okay but harder and any group that is 5 or more will likely have a long wait.Food, the food was okay.  I personally don't see why the reviews are so good, but it may just be a personal preference and that we had waited for over half an hour for a table and my expectations weren't met due to the wait.Price, we ordered a sandwich for about $12 and a green salad for $6.  The salad seems like a good size but the sandwich was a bit of a disappointment for me at $12.I wouldn't make my way out to come here again nor would it be a place that I would suggest to friends if they asked (the food was okay, nothing amazing as I have read).
I LOVE this place. LOVE IT. Go, you won't regret. In the summer, it's even better, take a stroll in the Old Port afterwards, bread or whatever else in hand, this will be unforgettable.
Delicious pastries! Although a bit pricey.
Love, love, love! Such delicious food. Always worth the long wait.
This restaurant is super cute and the food and drinks were delicious!  Even though the place was packed we were seated pretty quickly and the staff was very attentive and friendly, even during our wait for a table.  Everything here is made from scratch and we were all happy with our food and beverage choices. I would definitely recommend sharing a panini (big enough for 2 people) and a pastry item like their chocolate brioche.  The Latté was perfect and beautiful.
Excellent food! We didn't have reservations and had to wait about 20 mins for a table but it was worth it. Had the soup and a panini. Also tried the hot chocolate but found that to be a bit too bitter for my taste.
4.5 stars and 400+ reviews (in Canada!!) - this place HAD to be mind-blowing, right?? Umm.. Well.. It was good but I think there's at least a tiny bit of hype associated with it. We were told it would be a 20 min wait for lunch. In other circumstances I might've thought twice but this was O+G.. 20 mins was a blessing. Anyway, after about 25 mins, we were seated and my expectations were sky high at this point if that wasn't already obvious. I got what might be the most expensive thing on the menu - the Mac and cheese at about $19 while my husband got a chicken sandwich. Once our food arrived (tastefully plated in a rustic cafe way), I realized I was going to have to reset my expectation here. Mac and cheese was good but not $19 good. It came with a salad and that was fine too but again $19?? I thought my husband's chicken sandwich was better. Overall, the ambience of the place is very hipsterish but you are also seated shoulder to shoulder. I would probably give this a miss if I was visiting Montreal again given the number of other options in this foodie-town.
Cute bakery/eatery in beautiful old Montreal. Opt for the pastries instead of the savoury meal options. I tried the almond croissant $3.75 which was highly recommended but it was just ok in terms of a croissant. I loved the elixir ice tea, it's a green tea with ginger, lemon and pomegranate. It was the most delicious ice tea I've ever had  - complex yet balanced flavours and just a touch of sweetness. Only sad part is that the very small glass is $4.  I didn't love the egg on your face $11.95 - Spicy poached eggs with herbs and mayonnaise, Comté cheese, speck, and slow roasted tomatoes. The panini was just too heavy with the mayo and cheese for a breakfast item (for me at least) and the sriachha just over powered the eggs. I really wanted to like this place as it was so highly recommended but it didn't do it for me. Loved the ice tea and would return for that.
We were walking around old Montreal just past lunch time and our group was getting hungry. We just happened to be a few blocks away from O et G and I had heard great things about the place.It's basically a sandwich, salad, coffee and pastry kind of place. There is a good bit of in and out traffic here, but we were seated immediately by one of the servers. The group ordered the following sandwiches: crab and shrimp, Cajun chicken, Cuban and vegan (with tofu). Every sandwich was better than the next. The crab and shrimp was light and very fresh tasting, while the Cajun was just the right spice with some fresh mango on it, which was a delicious surprise. I am not a big pastry fan, but they were all great (blueberry tart, caramel bar and pecan chocolate cookie) and the expresso was strong. Who could ask for anything more?O et G is a great place to stop whenever walking around in Old Montreal and I will definitely return.
Came here because of their Yelp fame so I knew there was going to be a long wait. But I didn't expect there to be a line at the odd hour of 3:45 pm. Thankfully there are plenty of shops open nearby and a couple of galleries :) We got the almond croissant and apple turnover from their pastries rack. They were both good but not too impressive. The almond croissant could have been more crusty. I preferred the apple over the croissant. There weren't many other options for pastries as they have already sold out of many options. We also ordered the Cuban sandwich. Again, some of the other sandwich options have already sold out so I would come early if you want full options. The sandwich was the standout for me. The pork was so juicy and succulent and the sauce was spot on. The bread was also the perfect thickness. We split one sandwich between the two of us and it was enough to fill us up along with the pastries.
It was very busy, but two of us were able to get in pretty quickly around 1pm on a Tuesday. The restaurant itself is very comfortable with bar and table seating and a large, delicious looking pastry selection. I had the #24 salad and LOVED it. I would definitely order it again and I rarely order salads. The waitstaff was a little short with us, but honestly, it kept everything moving during such a busy time.
Totally miss going here for long lunches when I had the time to skip out of work. Their sandwiches and soups are amazing. Great atmosphere all around and decent wine selection, too!
Delicious!  Great atmosphere.  Excellent food, cute server.  Famous little spot in Old Montreal :)
Wonderful place to have breakfast. Great atmosphere. I got the egg on your face panini; It had a spicy siracha kick to it which was perfect! The service was on point. Would definitely come here again!
Tried the cuban and the healtny salad both were great. Long line ups but got seated quickly.
I had one of the best Ciabattas I've ever had here. Love the staging as well as their service. Will revisit if I go to Montreal again.
Wowzahhhh. Pastries galore. Gets very crowded on weekends  located in old Montreal. *they do accept credit cardMy highlights:Almond croissant: flaky perfection and everything you look for in an almond croissant. I want more !!!Banana and chocolate brioche: Holy Moly. Chocolate was so rich. It tasted like it was dark chocolate and the gooey'er version of the chocolate you typically find in a chocolate croissant. Highly recommend both of these, you wont regret your trip here!!!
Pretty good! Had to wait in line for 10 minutes. Their paninis are huge, so had to bag up the other half. Nice servers, maybe a bit too crowded. But overall, it was great!
Cuban panini was delicious!  Raspberry lemonade and almond croissant were disappointing...Maison Christian Faure almond croissant is flakier and richer.
Excellent spot for lunch. VERY crowded on a summer Saturday, and the staff didn't have the best handle on the commotion. But the sandwiches, coffee, and baked items are awesome. Also dig the interior and decor, very nice design sense. Old Montreal has a serious lack of good coffee stops, which is a shame. The fact this place is an oasis is probably why it's so busy.
Just lovely place that you can feel welcome!!Perfect for vegetarian. Wonderful staff as well as food!!
Wow, this place was great!I had a breakfast special of a poached egg on a Panini with bacon, herbs, cheese and roasted tomatoes and it was really good - the eggs were perfectly cooked and the bacon added that special richness.  While the breakfast sandwich was very good, the Chocolate Brioche was insanely amazing - rich and buttery brioche bread layered with dark chocolate - it was perfect!  This place is must-visit.
I loved this place, the ambience is super charming! Bread it's amazing delicious, chocolate is not bad. Food have very good taste. Just go there not in holy days because is toooo full and be waiting can be not something to enjoy ;)
Honestly, if my boyfriend brings up this sandwich one.more.time...In fairness, it was THAT good. He had the cuban. I had the poached egg on your face panini. Mine was just the right about of spicy/egg/cheese/bread to immediately cure that slight pounding in my head from the wine the night before. Go. Seriously.
If you're looking for an awesome cafe/ resto place to grab and go in Old Montreal, this Olive & Gourmando is a perfect spot for this. This cozy eatery has amazing baked goods that will leave you smiling :). The only draw back is that it can be pretty crowded especially during the lunch hour.
Nice place for breakfast/coffee or wine/lunch. Nice options. Good vibe. A tad pricey but normal for that area. I'd go back.Had a vegan sandwich and two glasses of wine yesterday afternoon. Yum. Place was cute, but something was a bit lacking. Not sure what. Feeling, I guess. But that's just me.
Absolutely great food and service. I got the 'poached egg on your face' panini along with my 2 of my friends and it was one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had. One of my friends also had the homemade ricotta and honey with toast and she said it was some of the best she'd ever had. My only complaint is that they don't sell their amazing green tea in bulk but that only means I will have to stock up next time I'm there (if they decide to sell it). I will definitely be coming back whenever I'm in Montréal again.
I enjoyed it. very much. The sandwich was tasty. The staff was friendly. I rather enjoyed it. grilled, fatty sandwiches filled with cheese and pesto and chicken... WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE???
The Cubano sandwich is actually life-changing; a bit heavy on the grease, but otherwise spot-on. The daily soups are also worth a try. Get there early or prepare to wait.
Such a lovely place! It felt quite SoHo - and in another context I might say that sneeringly. Here, it means the cafe is on a corner in clean, pristine Old Montreal, surrounded by cast-iron-style architecture, open cobblestone alleyways, and horse-drawn carriages passing by the window every minute. (Horses in Manhattan's SoHo would go on a mad killing spree after 5 minutes, but you get the idea)Olive + Gourmando was PACKED for lunch on an early weekday afternoon. It felt a bit touristy but also had its share of locals (e.g. people on laptops).  The location is walking distance from the touristiest (!) part of town, by the Notre Dame Basilica.The ordering process is a little funny. The hostess gives you a blank memo paper with your table #. Go up to the cafe counter or sandwich counter, give them your slip, and place your order. They keep the slip, food is brought to your table, and you can order more at any time by telling them your table #. When you go up to pay, they will already have your complete bill.  The lunch menu is small, with 4 cold/4 hot sandwiches plus soup/salad. There are pegs on the chalkboard to hang signs indicating which are sold out - but they replenish frequently. Our hostess spoke English natively, but the menu is in French. But if you can read English you can easily figure it out (thanks for being 30% French-origin, English Language!)I was so happy to find that not only is this place adorable, the food is da bomb (technical term).  My smoked fish sandwich (a cold option, $10) was packed with shredded smoked trout and slightly sinful with a slab of herbed cream cheese. The centimeter-thick layer of spinach was not overwhelming in the least. The salty trout was balanced out by capers, which I normally dislike but were fabulous here mixed in with sun-dried tomatoes.The Cuban (hot option, $11) was nothing short of amazing - pressed very thin with pancetta instead of ham, and served very hot, with plenty of pickle that imbued just the right tartness to combat all that cheese. Ever had a great Cuban? You won't even know that you WANT MORE delicate pickly tartness til you've had O+G's version.  Mmmmm. Both sandwiches came promptly, which surprised me because the restaurant was so busy. The espresso ($3.25) was fine, nothing spectacular. We also had an apple turnover ($3.75) that was fresh but really not on the adventurous side on either our part or O+G's.  It seems their regular drip coffee is good, since many, many, people came in to order coffee to go.If you're looking for a hectic but lovely luncheon or cafe visit with plenty of Montrealaise flair, try Olive et Gourmando! If you don't care for the hectic part, come well after the lunchtime rush. The food will still be fabulous.
Dang Montreal!  Why is your Saturday treating me so rough?  Despite facing a full restaurant in what is the most touristy area in all of Montreal, we wanted to at least give this place a go.  Alas, when we went in to put our name down on the list we were told to go outside.  But, don't you want our name?  No, just go outside.  With 50 people waiting, how the h*ll does that work?  I don't think my face is that memorable and I'm sure you WILL NOT be finding/remembering me out there regardless. Then someone behind the counter yelled right in my ear 'everyone needs to go wait outside now!'  Eh, with sh*tty service before the experience even begins why bother?  Go up to Little Italy or similar ilk to find a) better attitudes b) less crowding c) places that actually welcome your business and d) places that have seating systems that handle heavy wait loads in a timely, efficient and friendly manner.  No opinion on food since we never got any and I, for one, won't be giving them a second chance to find out how it is...
A cozy breakfast cafe, although it is famous for the panini they do not serve it in the morning. It is worth giving a try. The brioche and the egg panini goes very well with the strong aromatic latte.
Can you express the language of love? Can you taste it, feel or or even smell it? I can and will explain love to you in the form of carefully crafted artisanal food found here at Olive et Gourmando. Upon entering, love will be communicated to you in an innumerable amount of ways. Sight:Neat yet creatively scrawled on chalkboards abound with messages, mottos and food. Rows and piles of goodies that tease you behind the glass. Rustic decor. Friendly faces. Calming light. Smell:The smells of sweet breads, brioche, savory eggs and breakfast foods, cheese, coffee, all flowing, twirling and swirling in the air like a beautiful melody to the olfactory glands. You'll want to dance around in the harmonious smells that are privy to this establishment.Taste:Hot, coffee slightly bitter cooled down with fresh milk. Handmade ricotta cheese with toast and honey. Sweet, soft croissants. Some with chocolate, some plain and some with a few surprises on top.Sound:Harmonious conversation. Crunching, slurping, multilingual chatter. The clanking of silverware on plates followed by hushed giggles. Close your eyes and listen to it all.....Come to Montreal, step in olive et gourmando and find out what you love.
Food isn't bad but it's overrated. Service can be curt at times.It can get crowded quite easily and the parking situation is terrible.
Used to be my favourite breakfast place when I lived nearby. Excellent coffee,patisserie and breakfast offers, but I particularly enjoy this place in winter, it is nice to come in this warm, terrifically smelling cafe on the cold winter morning...  I miss that
Visited Montreal for a long weekend and came back twice because I loved this cafe so much! Their croissants are amazing - tried the plain, chocolate, and also the cheese croissant. My favorite definitely was the cheese croissant. Also had their cappuccino for take away and it was the most perfect start to my day. Came back the a few days later with my girl friends for a quick lunch, and ordered the Tofu Sandwich. My mind was blown. I was already full by half the sandwich, but ate the rest anyway because it was that insanely good. My mind still dreams of this sandwich, and I am scouring all of LA now to find something like that!
Hit the restaurant right before the lunch rush. It was worth the 15 minute wait. The Cuban pannini sandwich was one of the best I've had. The crust was crispy without being too hard. My friend ordered the Mac and Cheese. It came out hot with a nice crust and contained mushrooms and carmelized onions. I definitely would go back
Tried the poached egg in my face panini.  Very good overall and great tasting. The quantity of ingredients was just perfect.  Took is linger to find parking then to devour thus yummy goodness.  Next time I am in the city,  will have to try their pastries
Lovely place for breakfast or lunch. The cafe has a really nice atmosphere and it was definitely a popular lunch place. We had to wait for at least 20 minutes before we were seated. It was worth the wait though! Every dish in the menu is homemade so once they are sold out, they are gone until the next batch is ready. We wanted to try the Viva Las Vegan cold sandwich and the salad of the day, unfortunately both of them were sold out. So we ended up having the Homemade Ricotta "Salty" and #24 salad. And they were both delicious! We also had the banana chocolate brioche which wasn't too bad. This is an awesome place to drop by when you are in the Old Montreal area.
I ate what was possibly the most delicious lunch I've ever had in my adult life. I had Le Gustavo, a beautiful panini-like sandwich of grilled red onions, chicken, gruyere cheese, and mushrooms. It was heavenly. I don't usually rave about sandwiches but this was so good that it really set the bar very high for the rest of my meals during my Montreal trip. There was a line when we arrived but we waited not even 10 minutes. My friend ate Le Cubain and that was just as good. Very cute ambience and cool atmosphere.
Masters of texture and spice, especially along the salty/crunchy/spicy taste nexus.The #5 (chevre) sandwich with grilled onions and homemade ketchup was fabulous and the #6 (pork, asparagus, cheese) was even better, blasts of flavor in every bite.Perpetually crowded so it's easiest to get takeout.Come early because they seem to run out of stuff quickly.
Love their paninis!! Love the decor, sometimes it is too busy, but very good for a light lunch when it is really good weather outside.
Usually a sign for great restaurants is a line outside and this is no different. We had a 25 minute wait for lunch on a Saturday and it was well worth the wait. I had the Mr. Asparagus and it was delicious.
Beautiful brunch spot in old Montreal! During our three-day stay in Montreal, my friend and I came here twice, and we wished we had discovered it sooner!The first time we were there at around 10am, and it was already very crowded. Thankfully the turnover was faster than I expected. My friend and I tried the poached egg panini and the cubain panini, both were hot and crispy on the outside, and rich with melted cheese on the inside, highly recommended!The next day we came back for some baked goods takeaway. The almond croissant was perfect, possibly the best I've ever had, and the chocolate & banana brioche was rich, sweet and delicious.This place is definitely one of the highlights of our Montreal trip. Would definitely come back again!
This place rocks. It's a small space and absolutely packed at lunch, so be prepared for a wait. My party of four had to wait about 20 minutes for a table at noon on a Friday. By the time we paid and left though it had calmed down considerably.I really like how they separate the ordering process. You first go to the back to check the menu, see the salads and ask about the day's specials. After you've ordered, you take your seat and servers will bring out your food. Once you're done, they'll ask about coffee and desserts. All in all it's fast, efficient and doesn't force you to decide everything at once.All of the servers are friendly and nice, the hostess especially. It's moderately priced for lunch, around $11 for sandwiches and $3-4 for desserts, but the portions are huge and everything is fresh and delicious.
Excellent!  We had cappuccino,  croissants,  and sweet ricotta.  Delicious!  Be back tomorrow!
Very nice cafe. Was hungry for a dessert and a coffee for pickup.  Everything tasted grate. Only downside is that the place is super busy and loud.
This place has gotten so much good press it was on the list of must dos for my Montréal vacation. This is a charming, bustling, but small space. Our party of two checked in and were given an estimate of 30 minutes to be seated and within 5, we were led to our counter seats along the long bar which runs in front of the open French windows. I don't usually like counter seating but this let us be in a less busy corner of the restaurant and in a prime spot for people watching. The chocolate brioche was delicious and nicely sized. It was the cold smoked trout panini, though, that was the standout. A white flour grilled bread shaped like a pita but with a moister and more pleasantly rubbery texture was split and stuffed with the trout spread, herbed cream cheese, and a mound of fresh crisp spinach. It was one of those meals that you still think about well after you've eaten it! Highly recommended. Get the window tables!
One place Montreal doesn't generally stack up well to my native New York is gourmet sandwiches. While the French breads make them all pretty enjoyable, when the flashiest topping is ham and cheese you eventually long for a little more excitement. This explains the popularity of Olive Et Gourmando, a small sit-down sandwich shop in Old Montreal which offers interesting sandwich combinations like garlic and yogurt chicken, smoked trout and pancetta, pork and gruyere. The seating is tight and waits can be long but the hipster French cafe vibe, creative sandwiches and local beer and wine selection make them worth putting up with.Recommended: The Gustavo, The Smoked Trout
After a 30 minute wait for a table for two, my sister and I enjoyed a wonderful lunch here. We don't speak French but gathered enough to order the Gustavo and Cajun Chicken paninis. A huge group of about 50 people wearing yoga attire came in for takeout and filled the edges of the store, but our food came out quite quickly. The bread was perfectly toasted, crispy, and delicious. The flavors were perfectly balanced and so tasty. Plus, everyone was incredibly friendly and helpful.FOOD: 5/5ENVIRONMENT: 4/5SERVICE: 5/5VALUE: 4/5OVERALL: 4.5/5
If I could give this place 6 stars I would...unbelieveable ...everything was so fresh, and delicious reasonably priced, the staff was accommodating...we came on a recommendation  and so glad we did.  Fast service, clean, delicious.  If you are debating whether to go...just do it. You will not waste a meal here.
Absolutely loved this spot for brunch! Coming from NYC, I never thought I can love brunch places more than in NYC, but this place did it!Amazing vibe, beautiful crowd, great service, awesome food! And in the prettiest street corner!
I stumbled upon (well more like bixied upon) Olive et Goumando on a sunny Saturday afternoon. Ok, stumbled upon is probably not the right wording either as I was planning on going to O&G but wasn't 100% sure where it was. But my sense of direction is still good as I found it perfectly!Anyways, the place was packed (as usual) and bustling with people.  I had already eaten lunch so just stopped by to try one of their baked goods. Had the almond croissant ($3.75 I believe) and took it to go. Nice and crunchy, sweet but not too sweet - perfect little snack to eat and enjoy while I sat and lounged by the waters in Vieux-Montreal.I have been before and the rest of their food is delicious!
Olive and Gourmando was recommended to me by *many* people before my vacation to Montreal. These people apparently know me well. The decor is right up my alley, a little Anthropologie store, a little cheeky, rustic, and with a hint of luxe. I read the Yelp reviews, so I knew the about the line system and that this place would crazy busy on weekends. We decided to come on a Tuesday to avoid the insanity and we devised a strategy to have breakfast and lunch, with only one trip. It worked perfectly. We were seated within about two minutes of arriving, we did not wait in the check out line to be seated. We each got a latte and a pastry. I had the chocolate brioche and the boyfriend had the banana nut "muffin." It was more like a loaf. The lattes were lovely, great flavor, the right amount of creaminess, but if I could do it again I would get a large, the small was smaller than I expected. The chocolate brioche was divine, though it was a lot of sugar for breakfast. I couldn't stop eating it though. I tried the boyfriend's muffin and it was also great, huge whole walnuts on top to add a nice crunch and nuttiness and the banana flavor was wonderful and it was quite moist. We decided to take sandwiches to go since we were bike sharing to Parc Jean-Drapeau afterwords and had heard such wonderful things about the sandwiches. We asked our server how best to order, since we no longer had a paper with our table number on it. He asked us which ones we wanted and took care of it for us. I got the eggplant and mozzarella one and the boyfriend got the Cuban. They were both delicious, even over an hour later and having been strapped into the front of a Bixi. I will say that mine was great, but his was better. I'm delighted we got to do both the pastries and sandwiches, it was well worth it!
DELICIOUS lunch, snack and coffee spot in the Old Port. Between the four of us, we tried two different paninis, some wine, the raspberry-lime-lemonade (OMG), a latté and an espresso. I skipped lunch and went straight for the almond croissant, and have no regrets. It was served warm and was oh so tender and not too sweet. Everything was top-quality and very tasty. Five stars for the food. Service was fast & friendly too (they now have table service).At 4 p.m. on a Saturday, we had a 20-minute wait so went around the corner to the Phi Centre to check out the art installations. We found the restaurant quite crowded and noisy -- that's what you get at a (deservedly) popular spot, I guess. Prices were normal for the Vieux Port, about $12 for a sandwich and $4-5 for a pastry.Another coup de coeur from the book "Devorer Montréal" by Claire Bouchard & Chantelle Grady.
We went to the Concierge and asked for a recommendation - she was right when she told us to go here even if we had to wait. We also saw it on Yelp.....This is place was buzzing - we put our name on the list and waited 15 minutes. So glad we waited....we shared two dishes, a Cubain pork sandwich and a ricotta 'salty'. Both were 'to die for'....fresh, full of flavour, mouth watering.....and the coffees were the best in our two weeks in Canada. Indeed the coffee's were faultless!This is a restaurant that specialises in quality not quantity...it is a foodie experience and our first experience was so good we went back later for cheese and wine....and this visit was the equal if not better than the first.The atmosphere is alive, energising and warm... the servers are a pleasure to work with.This is true gem of discovery in a sea of mediocrity......a must do.
I loved the pouched egg panini but it is a bit salty. I also ordered the yogurt with fruit and it was a good balance.Coffee is amazing !!Waitresses are super friendly and the place has a cozy feeling.
I was too full to eat a sandwich, which made me quite sad because I had read so many rave reviews about the Poached Egg sandwich and the Cuban. I had to limit myself to the Elixir and an almond croissant. The Elixir was light and refreshing but packed lots of flavor. It's a drink that you sip on, due to the tangy ginger. I've had many bad ginger drinks lately and am relieved that I finally found one that did it justice. The almond croissant wasn't impressive...it probably would have been better if they served it toasted. I've had much better ones in SF. Much, much better. However, I loved the ambiance here and even chatted with a stranger across the table.The only downfall here was that 2 of the staff gave me some attitude for not knowing I had to get a table first before ordering. Some patience and a smile for an out-of-towner would have been nice.
Although the coffee, sweets and paninis are good, Olive et Gourmando is probably not worth the wait or price.
The salads here are really good, and they give you a big portion of delicious, high quality ingredients. Service is fast. You have to order at the counter and then sit down and wait for your food. They were very attentive and kind. My purse fell on the floor and was misplaced at another table, but they found it for me. Lots of well dressed people come here. Tasty pastries, great drink menu! We got each of the croissants - chocolate croissant was very tasty. Also got the salad with a goat cheese dressing - SO yummy but a bit too much dressing.
My friend took me here when I went to visit him this weekend.  It was a bit of a wait but it was so worth it!First, I love love love the atmosphere. Very homey and rustic. Very cute!!! Even though the place was packed, I didn't feel claustrophobic at all.I ordered the raspberry lemonade because I'm a huge fan of lemonade and it was delicious! We started off with the almond croissants that my friend adamantly insisted that we order. I told him that I wasn't a fan of almond croissants and he said to me "it's because you haven't tried the ones from here." And he was right. I have to admit that the almond croissants were the best that I've had so far.We both ordered the Cubain hot panini because who doesn't love paninis? I ordered mine with the southwest tomato soup. Both the panini and the soup were amazing. The panini was divine and the tomato soup was probably one of the best that i have ever tasted! I would definitely go back again!!!
The breakfast panini was awesome! Fruit and yogurt bowl was also good. The chocolate croissant wad a but more like baguette bread than buttery croissant dough. They were packed the whole time we were there and our server forgot to put in our order, so we were there a while. Cute, bustling, and the lunch menu looks worth going back for.
I work at the Old Port so Olive & Gourmando is a great place for lunch. It is normally always busy during lunch time. The Cajun sandwich is excellent along with the chai latte shake (I've only had it in the summer time). A little pricey, but understandably so.
Such a cosy, beautiful little place to escape the winter chill. I sat on a large wooden bench by the window, surrounded by sweet Christmas decorations as I looked out onto the snowy street. I had a delicious quinoa salad and vegetable soup, finished off with a perfect almond milk latte. While they do serve meat, this place is very vegan friendly.  Love love loved it!
The host at the door was the rudest person I have ever encountered at a restaurant. On noxious, aggressive, impolite. Regardless, we waited patiently for a table of 4, and we were finally seated after 45 minutes of waiting. We ordered our food, and fifteen minutes later, the waitress told us that almost all the food we had ordered was sold out. Being vegetarian, this pretty much left us with no sandwiches to order (what we came for in the first place). So we ended up waiting an hour for nothing to eat. No apology from staff, no compensation, and overall, probably one of the worst experiences I've had in a restaurant.
5 star food with 2 star service - the system for placing/paying for orders makes no sense (you can see other reviews if you don't believe me). I try to avoid it by just getting takeaway, and going to the nearby park if the weather is good.The coffee is actually really good - it's a nice surprise to find deep in the Old Port (a very touristy area).The scrolls they have (raspberry cheesecake, maple and almond, etc) are fantastic, and the croissants they have are good too.Unfortunately, if you eat-in you have to deal with their strange ordering system. After waiting to be seated (which on the weekend is a loooong time - it's a popular place), you get given a piece of paper with your table number. You then need to take this piece of paper to the queue (where all take-out orders are placed too), and give your order. After you've gotten your food, and are ready to pay, you have to get back in the queue (behind all the take-out people) to make your payment. This all means you end up waiting in queue two or three times for the one meal - which just doesn't make sense to me. If I want to pay you, don't make it hard for me!
I was in Montreal for a litigation...obviously not good.  But this place was recommended to me for breakfast while I was in town, and it made a miserable trip a little less miserable.It is a very cozy place that makes you feel very comfortable.  The service and the servers were great.  They do not rush you and make you feel very welcome, even though neither my travel companion nor I spoke a lock of French.I was craving a baguette, but when I asked the waitress said they did not make them but recommended their homemade bread with some homemade jam (I think it was peach jam but cannot remember).   It was excellent.My traveling companion had the fresh fruit salad with yogurt and it was a very pretty presentation.  The coffees were excellent.b we also had the chocolate filled croissant which was delicious.Will definitely be back every time.
This cozy cafe at the corner of St. Paul and St. Pierre is absolutely wonderful and always pushing great food! The menu is simple, but each item is detailed to perfection, giving your taste buds one hell of a trip. The atmosphere is busy, loud, and fun. The service is attentive and helpful. The presentation of the food, as well as the chef's making the food, is visually appetizing and great. As a corner cafe with tons of windows and a packed interior, Olive et Gourmando makes for great people watching too! My recommendations would be the Cajun Chicken and the Cuban (most popular) sandwiches! They're fantastic. I can't wait to come back and test out more of what they have to offer. Everything looks absolutely delectable. Go, go, go! NOW! Seriously though... go.
Love this place and love their sandwiches. But man, it's OVERPOPULATED with tourists. Best time to go is after lunch during the week (that's if your schedule allows it!)
Went for lunch on a weekday and of course the place was packed. While there was a daunting line for takeout orders, the service was very fast and efficient and I was out in less than 10 minutes with my order. The cajun chicken sandwich was really tasty - and although it was a bit pricey at ~$12, the portion size was very generous.
AMAZING!!!!!! The food... The location.... Everything is unreal. Although they always change the soup and salad the flavours with never disappoint.  I had the tomato soup and it was so perfect.  Try the Cajun chicken cold sandwich or the grilled cheese hot panini both are amazing
I wish there was a coffee shop like this in every town in every city. This is the model of a perfect cafe: good food, good homemade fresh pastries (almond croissants I LOVE! Cheese ones were also great) and superb coffee. The atmosphere is perfect. Old Montreal in an historic building, the windows, the people, the sounds. It's just so awesome.I went here while on a trip to Montreal to do my final consulate interview for my US immigration. It was awesome because the paperwork came in really quick, and they actually took the time to email me with an update that stuff was approved and being processed. To thank them I sent them a nice message (through the special secure website form - you can't email or call them without giving your case number see and going through all the hoops and such) and I told them to check out this cafe. I'm told the US government will review my helpful tip in 4-6 weeks :P
Very quaint Euro cafe in the old city. We had to wait a few minutes for a table on a busy mid-Saturday. We had a table at a bar like area looking out on the very a Euro looking street. People watching at its finest while enjoying awesome espresso drinks, Panzella salad, soup of the day , Cuban sandwich and house lemonade. Service efficient, but certainly not warm and welcoming, but adequate. Food felt very authentic and delicious.
I will dream about their Cesar salad for a long, long time. It was not a traditional Cesar.  No it was more heavenly.  It had kale and incredible bacon.  Capers and a fantastic dressing.  It was a mountain of deliciousness.  I fear that when in Montreal I will eat this salad three meals a day and miss out on all other culinary experiences.  It had an addictive quality.  I have to think of something else now or the physical cravings will take hold.My husband had a cuban sandwich that was sensational.  Salty goodness.  Great bread.  He also had a fantastic white beer from Italy of all places.  My croissant was not outstanding but good.Our waitress was a gem.  Super friendly.  I am not sure how our lunch turned out to be $50, but it was well worth it.
I came for their so called famous Cuban sandwich. Not really impressed at all. Far from being the best I've had. It was ok. The place itself was cute. Busy, but service was still quick.
Please come to New York!  Love this place - food is fantastic and staff is friendly.  I've been lucky with not ever having a terribly long wait - but I was flexible and sat at the bar if it was busy.  This is the type of place where you can order food that you think you don't like and will love it!  I've yet to have something I didn't like.  Creative menu creations makes choosing what to get a challenge - but always delivers a tasty and healthful lunch.  Yummmmmmmm.  Did i mention that I love this place?!?
Passed by this place twice on our recent trip.Both times, decided to grab a coffee and pastry to-go instead of waiting 30 minutes for a table.Large room with charming decor in Old Montreal.Always packed on the few times we were there.Seems to have a great following, and after taking our first bite the danish, we know know why.Great Americano and Dirty Chai.We tried the Almond Croissant, Chocolate Croissant and Blue Berry Danish.All items ordered were delicious.We will make a bigger effort to eat in for lunch the next time we are in town.
Pastries here are to die for. Don't go on evenings because you'll hit a closed store. If you go on lunch time, be patient: the lineup can be long but it's worth the wait. Sandwiches are pretty good too.
This place is out of this world! Perfect for a quick breakfast and lunch and the cafe latte reminded me of Europe!Got to try the cubain and crab roll. The cubain was a more gourmet version than Im used to and the crab roll was light and delicious. The bread is too die for which is why we opted for the chocolate croissant to end our meal with. Would definitely come back!
Excellent salad and sandwiches! Nicely surprised. They were out of our first choices when we went for lunch around 3pm (#24 salad and marinaded tofu sandwich), so we opted for the other vegetarian choices, autumn salad and vegan antipasto sandwich. Delicious! Loved the combination of whipped goat cheese, roasted beets& turnips, and arugula on my autumn salad. Sandwich was also very good. Will definitely come back to try other ones next time I'm in Montreal.
Baaaaad service, they give you attitude!  Sandwiches are just ok.  Granola is delicious though.  I am putting a star because there is no starts option.
I could tell that this place was extremely popular, as there was a lengthy line waiting outside the restaurant when we arrived, and also when we left (over an hour later). Also, my foodie relatives love this place, so I knew it was going to be good. And it was.We were there for breakfast, so we didn't have their famous sandwiches, but their bakery items were fabulous. Perfect croissants (regular and almond), wonderful (and big!) muffins, fresh scones. The coffees were also excellent. As we left, they were putting out their lunch pastries: unbelievably gorgeous cupcakes and cookies and brownies. All looked amazing. The restaurant interior is really welcoming, with long, warm wooden tables, comfy wooden chairs, wide open big windows (in the summer), chalkboard-covered columns by the entryway with menus and cartoons drawn on it, funky twig decorations hanging over the tables..... The whole place reminded me of some funky, hip hang-outs I used to frequent in my McGill days (in the early '80s). I guess you'd call it a post-hippie kind of vibe. I liked it.What I wasn't so keen on was the whole system of ordering and paying. When the place is crowded (which, I gather, it often is - especially on weekends), it just doesn't make sense to have such a chaotic, inefficient system for diners to order and pay. So many queues, so much waiting, so little room in which to wait. Some older relatives asked me afterwards if they'd like this restaurant and if they should go here, and I had to say no: they'd love the food, but they couldn't handle the process to get their table and order their food and pay. For this reason alone, I think this restaurant is geared more for a younger crowd who can tolerate the wait and chaos.
In the heart of Old Port. This is a gem!! I think this is my favorite place in Montreal, maybe because I loved my sandwich. I had the On Your Face panini sandwich, which was spicy poached egg. SOOO full of flavor. The green tea was also very fresh and tasty, wish they gave it in a bigger glass. Only thing I wasn't a fan of is the set up of the place. Wait in line to get seated, once seated, go wait in line to order, and when you're done eating gotta wait in line to pay. Very inefficient but still loved the food.
3.5*The food is soooooo goood.But the prices are way expensive.Like much more than I think is worth it.  This is why I would not give it a four or five star- I would definitely come here and try most things on the menu once.  I would bring people here from out of town. But I certainly could not justify making this a regular spot with prices like these.
Great ice tea and dirty chai tea!
I LOVE O & G. So much in fact, that I wouldn't mind moving in. Yes, it's THAT good. So first thing's first; do not expect to arrive and saunter in to the table of your choice because that's not going to happen. O & G is packed all the time, and there is almost always a line-up to get in. That said, I usually go for breaky or lunch, so it's possible that late afternoons is quieter but don't count on it. Everything is made fresh, daily, from the salads to the baked goods, to the amazing ginger-lemon iced tea (they really need to offer this in a larger size!). They make a mean latte, and also offer wine (I think it's organic, but I'm not sure). As well, you can buy some of their spicy nuts and jams. The service is OK but not great. It can be very slow and the wait staff don't always think to come and check in once you've been seated so if you're in dire need of coffee, order while you're in line and you can get your fix while waiting for a table. My favorites include:#24 salad - made with raw veggies, roasted peanuts, shallots, tofu, basil, cilantro and mint, served on rice noodles and accompanied by a lovely sweet and sour dressing. Now, the last time I was there I could swear the noodles were buckwheat but I could be making that up in my head.  Anyway, this salad is fresh and incredibly flavourful and leaves your belly feeling just right (read: room for dessert). The Gustavo - holy mother of God, this is good. Garlic grain-fed chicken, grilled onions, balsamic marinated portobello mushrooms, Havarti cheese and maple dijonnaise sauce. Wow. This sandwich can be pretty filling so you may have to take that dessert to go.  Cajun Chicken sandwich - this one is also made with grain-fed chicken and includes guacamole, cajun spices, tomatoes and mango. Equally as delicious as The Gustavo, but packs less of a punch (which is not a bad thing!). I'll eat anything with avocado so this sandwich makes me feel all happy on the inside. Sadly, since i have been tasked with avoiding wheat recently, I opted for the Viva Las Vegan sandwich on my last visit (a great option for all you vegetarians and vegans out there). I loved this one and felt pretty stuffed by the time I was finished. It's got marinated tofu, dill pickles, hummus, caramelized onions, crushed olives, arugula and is served on organic bread. By the way - their breads are like a taste of Heaven, so fluffy and thick. Of course, I ate everything BUT the bread but we don't need to talk about that.If you're a fan of chocolate like me, try their 'Extraordinary Brownie'  or 'The Attack of the Killer Chocolate' cookie (triple chocolate, people!). Both are incredible and will satisfy any chocoholic. Now, GO!
Delicious tea! Delicious coffee! Delicious pastries! Amazing food! This place is fantastic! The inside looks amazing and it's bustling. My favorite aspect of the decor is the tree-like chandelier.  The food and beverages are all high quality. I got my standard earl grey tea and it was served in a chinese tea set! The tea was very floral and sweet, without any sugar being added. We also got the almond croissant, pain au chocolate, and belgian chocolate & pecan cookie.  These were lovely treats, and pretty great quality. I love French croissants and the pastry in the croissants was a little tough and gluten-y. But it was still good.  The cookie was really good too. My colleague had the latte and said it was nice and smooth.Then, my colleague and I shared the Salad #24. I am guessing it's named that because it has 24 ingredients? It was a vegan salad with a lot of amazing ingredients in it like pea shoots, pickled daikon, rainbow carrots, cashews, marinated tofu, basil, mint, sesame..... to name a few. It was so fresh and delicious. We loved it and have resolved to try to reverse engineer this salad back in Vancouver. In short, go here.
Love the lunch here. While it's usually crowded, I've always been able to get a table for 1 right away. Upon my most recent visit I enjoyed the savory ricotta with homemade bread and a delicious broccoli rabe salad with pine nuts, currents, lemon zest and grated parmesan. Additionally, I had a glass of one of the best (microbrew) beers of my life! It was a wonderfully flavorful beer but still on the light side. My server was kind enough to bring out a bottle so I could take a photo. On my way out, I grabbed some baked goods to go. I highly recommend the super- chocolatey cookies, and the sticky buns although I really don't think you can go wrong. This restaurant isn't cheap, but the quality of the food is top notch, and so are the drinks. If you're looking to treat yourself to a nice meal while in the old port, this is the place to go!
If you don't get here during the busy hours, you'll enjoy your experience a lot more. But above all, if you love good food, are looking for somewhere that is a sure thing visiting Montreal, or need an amazing date spot or just want to put something super rich and tasty in your face, go here. There's not a lot of waiting area and waiting in the freezing cold kinda sucks. Also, earlier is better than later as they ran out of their hot sandwiches the day we stopped by.All that said, this place is a gem among gems. The desserts and hot chocolates are made with Valrhona chocolates. The truffle mac and cheese had mushrooms and was the best I'd ever had, and I've had a lot of these! Oddly enough, the addition of actual mushrooms seems to really bridge the rational of putting the truffle flavor in the mac and cheese and isn't so overwhelming. Also, they serve it in an iron skillet, so there's crunchy cheese!The cafe is the perfect level of busy. The tables are really small so sharing is a really good idea. The espressos are perfectly poured. The few pastries they have (okay there's like 20) are phenomenally perfect in their simpleness, like they picked the best things they could make and that's what you get, no complaints there! Get the chocolate brioche if you like dark chocolate.I can't wait to return to Montreal and Olive et Gourmando!
Great atmosphere and friendly service!  The food was wonderful as well.  I had the soup du jour and the Rubenesque sandwich, and my wife the Hot and Cozy Stew... Both excellent.  The pastries here were delicious too!  Would definitely recommend this spot!
O & G never disappoints. My personal faves are the Cuban sandwich and the "24" salad. There are often lines but it is seriously worth the wait.
Every pastry we had was delicious, especially the spicy cornbread pastry and croissant. If I lived in Montreal, would go here again and again to try all their baked goods.
Consistently good food. I had the avocado and shrimp sandwich...it was incredible. I still think about it. Charming space too. The wait staff are a little chilly, but that's part of the Montréal "charm".
Soooo yummy. Was hanging around old Montreal and came across tons of people lining up in front of this restaurant, went in and ordered some random food for takeout. (So called "random" cuz I can't read French.) After I coming back to hotel and ate them, I was amazed by how good they are - the almond croissant, tartellete, canjun sandwich and homodero sandwich (not sure abt all the spellings) were all beyond my expectation! All 5 stars!
During our four day trip to Montreal we got the chance to visit Olive and Gourmando.  our favorite was the home nade ricotta with honey and orange zest and wow were we blown away by this simple but beautifully presented dish.  overall great experience!  definitely worth your time and money.
Delicious food, cool atmosphere. We happened to be there for lunch on a Saturday, which was terrible timing as there was a long wait. Fortunately, the food was worth the wait. All three people in our group enjoyed our meals. Many people were doing take out, which had the same menu as dine-in, so if you are short on time that may be a good option. The Rasberry Lime lemonade was popular. I had the smoked trout salmon, very large portion and fresh ingredients. Unfortunately we were all too full to try the dessert, strawberry shortcake, but it looked delicious as well. I would definitely recommend this place and stop by again the next time I am in Montreal.
Yum! The poached egg paninis and the scones turned this family into a group of glutens eating over paper bags in Notre Dame park. The coffee was nothing to write home about, but it didn't really matter. We have been talking about the paninis for over 2 weeks!
Absolutely charming and delicious, perfect for a morning brunch, nice lunch and even an afternoon wine with a pastry. The crowd is nice yet not uptight and it's also located in the nicest part of the city. Must-do.
Really good panini, but not a lot of choices in the menu. Good place for a quick breakfast
Cutest place we discovered on our last day in Montreal. Brunch line out the door. They also offer pastries to go so got in that line which moved fairly quickly. Chocolate banana brioche bun is all you need to know when going here. Eye opening happiness good. One of the most memorable things I ate on our trip.
BEST. CHOCOLATE. BRIOCHE. EVER!The butter, the rich Valrhona chocolate, the crust. Its all divine and takes me to chocolate heaven.This was booked marked as a must try for our trip to Montreal. I only wish that we could have had a 2nd breakfast here. Very disappointed that it was closed on Sunday. It was super crowded on the Saturday morning we popped in and definitely not suitable for a stroller. I wish we could have eaten in and tried some other things from the food menu but being with a baby means being flexible with our wishes and wants.The coffee was good. I also grabbed a Almond croissant but that was only okay.
I'm giving this place five stars, but I should warn you that even as a tourist, you will be disappointed by how chock full of tourists this place is.The almond croissant was not impressive, but the brioche was, and my husband was immediately obsessed with his cheesy southern biscuit. The coffee was spectacular, and we had a lovely seat by a large open window filled with plants.The ordering process is a bit confusing there, but we didn't have too much of a wait.
OG is the original gangsta when it comes to tasty sandwiches.  I think they own the meat & bread racket in town.  And I'm happy they do.The "panini pomme" that parted my lips began a short-lived love affair with my mouth too torrid to recant in delicious detail on these all-ages pages.  Ham, roasted garlic aioli, walnut butter, smoked Prince Edward Island cheddar finished with mandolin-thin slices of Quebec apples  Suffice to say it was "sex in mouth" as a friend put not-so-delicately.And this was the backup option pointed out to me on the sandwich menu, above left of the deli case at back, after the highly touted cubain was sold out at 4pm the rainy afternoon of my visit.  The shop was quiet; Only two of ten or so tables occupied.  The crew were prepping a quick surprise b-day celebratory break to sing & present a candle-lit cake to a co-worker as I made my way in.  Lighting inside was set on romance level lending appearance of being closed from the outside window.  Staff will seat you if you're staying (and it's so cozy you'll want to), but all sandwiches and viennoiserie (baked pastries) are available for take-away.  Cash, credit ($10 minimum), and debit card ($5 min.) are all accepted.  Sandwiches are between $10-$11, fairly sized and quality-wise unbeatable.There's no doubt I'll be back for another tasty tryst with these sandwich slingers.
My first Montreal cafe! It was a cold winter day but excitement definitely aids in ignoring the chill. The weather could explain why I saw few people.   Walking into this place, I discovered this was where everyone was hiding.Packed and bustling is how to describe what I saw. I cannot imagine this place in the summer.My French to say the least is rusty and squeaky would be the best compliment I could hear. I couldn't understand a single word - and I studied it for how long? I swear, even when i heard the basics, I was a bit dumb founded.  Practice, practice, practice.We were seated quickly but I have heard there are long waits. Its a great people watching space if you are waiting. Lots of eye candy. Yummers!So here is why you should go: they serve your coffee with warm, frothy milk. Who does this? Is this a french thing? I love it if it is. The coffee was strong but without any bitterness.  Presentation, atmosphere and speed - this place scores high. If you want something more spacious and quiet, oh, girl, you will have to go elsewhere.As for the French language, they speak English as easily as French - so do not worry!
This may be the best brunch I have ever had in my life. The poached egg sandwich was excellent - along with the chocolate croissants and butter croissants. I also really enjoyed the hot chocolate drink. It uses real cacao. The staff was very friendly despite the fact that this is probably the most crowded breakfast place in town. I highly recommend this place.
Amazing! Delicious pastries fresh baked. We had the chocolate brioche and almond croissant. Perfect breakfast (or at any time of the day)!
Fantastic food, nice atmosphere. Best Mac and cheese I have ever had. Vegetable soup was also fantastic. Highly recommended.
One word. Actually a few words. The Cuban. That is the only thing I have there and I have been eating there for 7 years.
Walked over to Olive et Gourmando for breakfast as I had read several Yelp reviews about it.  While I won't agree with it being "the country's greatest" almond croissant... Their croissant was quite tasty and unique from other croissants I've tasted.  Their almond croissant is definitely denser than most. Very buttery and it is a very oblong shape... Almost not resembling the familiar crescent moon shape.  The best way to describe it's distinct taste is that the butter appears to be churned from "raw" cow's milk as there is a sharp dairy taste to it.  But it was a very creamy, almost creme-fraiche-like type of dairy freshness.  It is not a flaky croissant, but rather a buttery type.I also tried the pecan and raisin brioche. It was not teeth-wrenchingly sweet, and had just a tinge of tartness which I would guess comes from a raisin-y syrup or glaze. The brioche was very buttery, flaky on the outer "rings" and dense an buttery in the center.I got a cup of cappuccino to wake me up. The foam was creamy without being too heavy. It wad a great cappuccino!I also thought I should mention their fruit bowl as its not the ol' boring one you'd see in Toronto. Olive et Gourmando's fruit bowl comes with fresh figs, julienned apples, passion fruit, mandarin orange - just to name a few. You get assigned a table. Are given an order form with your table number scribbled down which you bring to the counter, and they will bring you your food after you order. Then at the end you pay at the counter. Only negative is that its cash only.A great place to grab brekkie.  Wish we had more places like this in Toronto!
Cute and cozy. The coffee is delicious here. The pastries are okay, but not outstanding. Definitely come for the coffee though.
Delicious! I had the Cuban sandwich. Best ever!!
The Cuban sandwich alone is worth making a detour for this place! The treats are also yummy! It can get busy at lunch time from workers in nearby offices so arrive early (or wait until later in the afternoon!) The staff is friendly mostly.
Very cozzy atmosphere. Probably the best place to eat panini in town. Great and friendly service. The place is very small though, you are kind of feel squeezed.
We've only been here once but I still daydream about the sweet ricotta and egg panini which were absolutely amazing! However, I did feel that the pastries were nothing special. My husband and I had a chocolate croissant and banana brioche and felt they are nowhere near as good as other bakeries. But given that the breakfast specials were so good, perhaps we need to try the pastries a second time in case we just got a bad batch? :)
This tiny place is ALWAYS full, which  isn't a surprise : they make awesome sandwiches. They also make daily salads and soups which are aways yummy. If you deserve a treat, go for their somptuous brownie! Olive & Gourmando definitely isn't too good if you're on a diet, but still, it's always a good treat.
Delicious treats in a cool atmosphere in an even cooler part of town!
First time visiting Montreal and heard lots of good things about the paninis here. Got there around 10:15am and it was pretty busy. Was just the two of us so there was no wait. Service was attentive and courteous. We were there before the lunch menu was out so we settled for the "Poached egg on your face" panini. Spicy poached eggs with herbs and mayo, Comte cheese, speck and slow roasted tomatoes. It was probably the best panini I've ever had. Super crispy crust, gooey cheese and all the flavours went very well together. Definitely a must-visit!
Found this place based on fellow yelpers - was not disappointed.  Got seated without too much of a wait at the communal table (I was by myself).  Wait staff was running around but still came to take my order very quickly.  I ordered the soup of the day (Celeriac cream with almond brussels spout garnish) and a Cuban panini sandwich.  Soup was just delicious (my waitress told me their soup is always good).  Picked up an almond croissant on my way out to pay (how can I not).  Planning to go back again to try the Brioche and coffee that everyone is raving above (and really mainly to get my soup fix).
With so much pastry, fine dining, and Canadian comfort food to be sampled on our brief visit to Montreal 'breakfasts' as a proper sit-down entity were still not to be overlooked (much to my family's dismay and with a schedule heavy on museums, churches, and hockey along with the food mornings would be early - and thankfully so would be the opening times of each of the three breakfast spots we decided to try.Beginning first with perhaps the most oft raved breakfast in the city we almost ended up taking a pass on Olive + Gourmando because the traffic and parking on the tight streets of the busy business district is nothing short of a nightmare during the morning rush - but thankfully, as fate would have it a spot opened up on our third trip around the block and with streets uneven and crowd bustling we made our way into the small store and restaurant only a few minutes later than anticipated.Owned and operated by Dyan Solomon and Eric Girard Olive + Gourmando reminds one much of Panera as you walk in - a few dry goods and baked items up front along with the local paper plus a busy kitchen in back, but with communal tables consistently packed as people vie for space and the air rife with notes of coffee, butter, and vanilla there is clearly more than "quick casual" at play - specifically the use of all natural, organic, and high quality local ingredients in each of the restaurant's creations; items I was left to select for the group as my mother and aunt attempted (successfully) to procure seating.Utilizing both the pastry counter, kitchen, and servers to facilitate service the modus operandi at O+G is to order at the pastry counter, find a seat, and wait for the items to arrive - a successful approach even despite my over-ordering that led to an impressive pile of food arriving perhaps 10 minutes later - each item warmed or hot and from the coffee to the sandwich to each of our four baked goods everything looked fantastic despite the simple style of preparation on brown paper in wooden baskets.Beginning first with the coffee - mostly espresso but also offering an Americano I eschewed my traditional ordering and went with a double based on the recommendation of the barista that the beans taste best without the added water and with the roast very low in acidity I had to agree, particularly given the smoky top notes and mellow caramel tones underneath - no sugar was added and none was needed.Moving next to the pastries, a quartet was selected and attempting to make selections that would appease all I ran the gamut of flavors from fruit to chocolate and light to heavy beginning first with two spirals of brioche; one Raspberry Cheesecake, the other Valrhona Chocolate, and both exemplary.  Beginning first with the eggy bread - crisp on the shell with a wispy and rich pull-apart within and lightly kissed with an egg wash before its trip to the oven both curls were rife with their respective ingredients and as much as I love Valrhona dark it was the cheesecake that impressed most - a rich balance of the cream cheese's smoothness with sweet pureed raspberries complete with seeds.Moving on to the measuring stick, an oblong almond croissant, I found myself somewhat less impressed than I had expected largely due to the texture produced by such a tightly wound crumb.  Certainly tinged with almond and packed with butter this simply was not the texture I would expect for a croissant - more like a breadstick in its lack of an air-pocketed leavened crumb.  Good, but not on par with the rest of the choices, including the Chausson Aux Pommes sharing its basket.  Translated literally as 'slipper of apples' it would be hard for me to find something more comforting than this hand-pie and no matter what language the crispy golden shell and dense core of pan cooked cinnamon apples was lovely - the only thing that would have made it better was ice, or perhaps whipped, cream.For our final choice, the only kitchen item that screamed 'must order' we received the "Poached Egg on Your Face Sandwich" - a pressed panini made with house ciabatta filled with sauteed onions, a thick curl of aged Comte, confit tomatoes, griddled speck, and 'cooked egg salad.'  Hitting on pretty much all of the savory notes with the caramelized onions and bright tomatoes acting to cut the fat just a bit the most intriguing aspect of this dish to me was the 'salad' - a texture somewhere between rough chopped hardboiled eggs and a lightly poached egg but very interesting on the tongue.  A great meal from first sip to last bite with only a slightly disappointing almond croissant to mar the experience I definitely understand the hype around Olive + Gourmando and compared to our other Montreal Breakfasts it is the only one to which I'd return.
This place was absolutely packed on Saturday afternoon. My traveling companion and I had somewhere to be within an hour so we decided to get something from the to go counter at Olive et Gourmando. After spending 10 minutes trying to translate the menu we discovered that the woman behind the counter spoke very good English. Once translated everything sounded delicious, but I settled on the ricotta and bread, especially after hearing that their bread was baked in house.  We took our food back to Le Petite Hotel*  and I savored every last bite of this ricotta goodness. Soooo delicious! My traveling companion seemed just as happy with her salad.Unfortunately, my stay in Montreal was pretty short or I would have tried to squeeze in one more meal at Olive et Gourmando.yelp.com/biz/le-petit-ho…
Had Cuban sandwich and butternut squash soup, both packed with great flavour. I will definitely come back to try more
I think I died and went to cafe heaven!This place is marvelous! It has sass, charm, culinary aptitude, & most of all the best carbs in baked form one can find!Came during 3 separate occasions, bumped into Kristin Chenoweth & Kathy Griffin, gorged myself silly, and just sat in utter content at what a charming place this establishment was!Had the following: egg in your face panini, peach shortcake, chocolate banana brioche, cheese croissant, almond croissant, pecan chocolate cookie, & zucchini cupcake.  I want more...
I don't even have the words for this place. All I have are gurgling happy tummy noises and salivating. Perfect fall-almost-winter meal: Squash soup (with pumpkin seeds, tomatoes, pesto, chickpeas and about a million other fun "You can put that in soup?"-ingredients). Heavenly. A little kick to it. Hearty and warm, but not enough for a meal. You must get a sandwich. I got the Cuban. Gruyere on a Cuban? Yes please. Pulled pork, pancetta, and loads of melty, melty gruyere. You will scoff at anyone who ever tries to serve you Swiss cheese on a Cuban ever again. My wifey had a salad. Borrrrrrrring. You must get a sandwich.Friendly service, cute vibe, hipster iced teas, 80s pop. Total win.
Love their cuban pannini!
We arrived during lunch and of course there was a wait so we decided to take it to go and just eat outdoor since it was such a nice day out. Cute and charming place. The Cuban panini was soooo good. I love a good panini but this was probably best I've had.  The bread crust was perfectly crispy without being too hard but once you chew into it...it was soft and melts in your mouth. The filling with pork and panceta was yummy with their blend of mayo. We also got the almond croissant which was also so yummy...it was flaky,  buttery, and soft...not too sweet. Definitely a highlight of my food adventure in Montreal.
Chocolate banana brioche bun!!!! This is their number one pastry! I was lucky there were some left. This is a cute cafe with outlets, food, baked goods and drinks. I paired a short espresso with my pastry and it was amazing! I could only eat half of the bun so definitely a pastry to share. Its dense, sweet and soft. Great place to check out and people watch!
gotta say it: it's super cute in here. super busy, but turnover is pretty quick. breakfast was super good. we got the "poached egg in your face" panini, a plain croissant, and toast with jam and butter. the toast was toast, but the raspberry jam was yum. i really liked my croissant - it wasnt crazy buttery, the inside was soft and chewy and the outside was nice and crispy. the panini was great, especially for someone who likes savory breakfast - salty but not toooo salty with the speck, the sriracha adds a good dab of heat, and the tomatoes round it out. nom.
Used to be much better a few years ago. Too pathetic and overpriced for this quality.
Yummy - albeit a little overpriced and most of the options run out so make sure you go early.
We loved this place. Excellent food, great coffee, and their Earl Gray tea was very aromatic (by Camilla Senesis). We had breakfast and lunch. They make it, people eat and then it's gone - so if you want to try down thing - be there early or it may be gone by the time you decide to roll in. Mt wife and I would certainly come and eat there again when we are back in Montreal and we will for sure be back.
My wife and I have been here 3 or 4 times and have loved it each time.  My first impressions were that the food is overpriced, the wait is too long, and the place is too crowded.  That however was before I tasted the food.  In short, this place delivers every time.  Our last visit (Labor Day weekend 2013) was delightful as always.  In addition to the standards of the terrific sandwiches and salads, they had a cold cucumber and dill soup that was outstanding and epitomized the restaurant's commitment to flavor and freshness.  Also, the pastries are of course top notch and the staff members are very pleasant.  The only critique I have is for the coffee.  The long espressos I have ordered were a little sour and underwhelming.I am pretty sure this place is in all the American guidebooks b/c my friends who have visited Montreal have all gone here as well (independent of a recommendation from me) and most everyone we observe on the weekends appear to be tourists.  Nonetheless, my wife and I typically make OG the very first place we visit when we arrive in Montreal.As others have mentioned, not open on Sunday and Monday.
A bit of a line up but definitely worth it.  A pretty good vegetarian selection.  Food is very rich though--so make sure your eyes are not bigger than your stomach.
So yummy! The BREAD...got a plane to catch and making this a priority destination stop for munchies later. The wait is super long but worth it. Good things come with patience.
Such great food and it's all made in house! It's busy for good reason :) the almond croissants especially, are to die for.
Great food!!!! And excellent atmosphere. Everything is made In house - the pistachio muffin is to die for.The only drawback is that they will not do any substitutions - even for kids
This gem was a block from where I was staying. After passing it the first few days, I decided to stop in and was blown away by my latte and ricotta cheese/honey/orange rind with toast breakfast I had. I'll be back before I leave!
I give it a breakfast 5 stars, but . . . it is not for anyone looking for a typical breakfast. No omelets and waffles here. We loved our fresh yogurt, fruit and granola; the pastries are amazing; great coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. They did have a breakfast panini that included egg that looked really good. It's a fun place with a quick turn-around in Old Montreal.
A fun, quirky spot in the old town.  A delicious sandwich menu, but my favorite is the  baked truffle mac and cheese.A fun spot to grab a coffee and a bite while sight-seeing.
Wow the almond croissant!!!Cane back on Sunday to get some to go and they were closed.  Next time I will not be that eager and I will Yelp the closing times!!!
This place has a bit of a reputation. There was a long line to get a table -- we waited about 40 minutes, then another line to order, and another line to pay our bill, heck even a line to go to the bathroom... and yes, after all that I can still say it was worth it. The food, especially the sandwiches are out of this world, with special kudos to The Cuban. The breads, excellent, the pastries, not so much.They also serve a rose from Corsica that was amazing. The staff were exceptional considering the difficult crazy busy & crowed conditions when we were there, with special props to the girl who manages the waiting list.I'd try and go at off hours on an off day, but I definitely would go!
The best sandwiches, salads, and baked goods in Old Montreal.  It's on a busy street full of office workers and tourist, but it's certainly worth the wait.  I also like going there in the morning before it gets very packed.  I here in the summer they have a rooftop garden where they grow the vegetables.  Can't wait to try them.  It's on a pricier side for sandwiches and salads, but you will definitely not be disappointed.
great stuff! the almond croissant was delish and the coffee really good. make sure to try the scones. It a busy place but worth it!
Best sandwich ever! I have only been there for lunch, and even though the place is always packed, they will find a table for you within a few minutes! Overall a very good service.The food is just incredible! It's a mix between a sandwich place and a salad bar, with the menu written in chalk on the walls. I highly recommend the cuban sandwich, but get there early because they do run out!I have never tried the coffee shop and pastries part of the café, but it looks incredible!Because of its location and the quality of their food the prices are on the high part of the scale for a sandwich ($9), and it's widely worth it!!!Watch out for opening hours they are closed on Sunday and Monday (which is very rare in Montréal)I just wished they had other locations around the city!
This is a great place for lunch. I love the salads and sandwiches. I had the Cajun Chicken Sandwich, roasted grain-fed chicken breast rubbed with cajun spices, guacamole, fresh tomatoes, and mangoes. It was delicious. I also had their salad of the day, which was equally delicious. I wish I was in town longer because I heard the breakfast and pastries are great too. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here.  The food is fresh and creative. The decor is adorable. It's so warm and welcoming.  Add this place to your list.
Graciously made room for our party of 6 with very little fuss. Only complaint is that they were out of about half of the sandwiches on the menu and did not tell us until we were about to order. I had the cesar salad with the yogurt chicken which had a great balance of bacon, cheese, lettuce, kale, capers and croutons. The place itself was so cozy on the inside. The decor was fabulous and everything tasted very fresh. Great find and would love to go back!
Easily the best place in the Old Port to get a fantastic lunch. Their only downfall is they sometimes get ingredient happy and add one too many ideas into their soups, but the food is always interesting. Their Cubano sandwich is excellent! And all their baked treats and goodies are completely yummy.
This place is great.  Food is soooo tasty.  It is very crowded though and they run out of their tasty food.  Which speaks more to the quality of the food.  Staff are friendly but expect lineups to get in, and to pay.  And you might not get the menu item you want if they run out but everything else is great on the menu anyways.  We ate pastries, scobe, croissant, goat cheese sandwich, green salad and latte.  All great. Also god location close to all the art galleries in old Montreal.
This cafe is such a little gem in an otherwise tourist-laden area of the city. The sandwiches are delicious and they offer many house made drink specials like fresh limeade or lemonade and they have plenty of options for vegetarians as well.Be sure to get a baked good treat for the walk home!
The Skinny: really great pastries including the almond croissants and the chocolate brioches (4) The service, if dining in, can be confusing because you have to order everything at the back counter.  Unfortunately, the restaurant is claustrophobic, and noisy. They also don't take credit cards unless you have over a $10 purchase (3) Overall, this is a great little breakfast/brunch/lunch spot. If you can't take the crowd, get your stuff to go (4).After discovering this place on Yelp, I ventured to this cafe at least 3 times during my short stay. I ate in once but after experiencing the crowd decided to do take-out afterwards.This place is definitely hopping. Primarily a breakfast/lunch place, every time I went here, it was literally brimming with people. At 2:30 pm, you had to wait 10-15 minutes to get a table for three. Service is confusing so I'll give you the low-down. If you decide to eat in, your waitress will hand you a meal ticket which you are supposed to bring to the back sandwich counter. Order all your drinks, pastries and sandwiches there and they will bring out your order to you afterwards. If you want to add anything to your meal, you just go to the back counter and let the server know what you want and they will add it to your tab. When you are done, you line up at the pastry/to-go line and pay there.All I can say is pastries are king here. I had three different types of brioche and almond croissant here. Everything was pretty good here. Personally I think the best of the bunch was the chocolate brioche. The lovely pastry was brimming with Valharona chocolate encased with a flaky, buttery bread. Chocoholic porn. 'Nuff said.Almond croissants were also delicious however were a little on the thinner side. The maple/nut and banana/chocolate brioches was a little too moist for my taste which was detrimental to the pastry itself. The flavours however were very good despite this which was why this place gets a 4 for food.On the down side, this place is very crazy. Literally, there is no space in this cafe. So don't expect to have a quiet little snack around here. Noise is at a premium while you'll probably be able to overhear your neighbours conversations. Another con is the credit card policy (no credit card over $10). I also wished they made chai lattes too.Overall, a great little breakfast/lunch spot in downtown Montreal (4).
Having heard about this place from several different sources it was a must on the list for our recent Montreal visit.  Unfortunately, we were only in the fine city for 3 full days and I had a long list of musts.  I was familiar with the general location of the restaurant but hadn't pinpointed the exact location when we came upon it by chance while wandering around the neighborhood.We already had lunch plans for the day but because my feet and my nose wouldn't let me walk past without going in, we decided to get some pastries for later.  One step inside and I knew that no matter how packed our culinary itinerary was - we would be back!The first visit we took away a chocolate croissant and perhaps one of the best bites from our entire trip - a turtle bar.  The shortbread was amazing and it was topped with a very rich chocolate ganache.  It really was once of the best sweet bites in a trip filled with so many!I managed to talk my husband into coming back for breakfast the morning we left Montreal for home...quite the feat since he had one thing on his mind: the 9 hour drive.  To which I said that meant we needed a very special breakfast to fuel the ride home.  In the end, I won out but just barely, especially when a parking snafu would have no doubt resulted in a  ticket (parking signs in French  - gotta love them).  The place is so popular that there wasn't a (legal) place to park within 2 blocks.  The weekend morning was a busy mess.  A hostess kindly explained the procedure while hubby dashed out to move the car.  I was assigned a table, given a card that I should take to the pastry counter to order, and found myself in the midst of a loud group of tourists, regulars, and one very unhappy little girl who protested quite loudly that she wanted out of the clutches of her daddy's arms.  Wondering if I had made a mistake by dragging hubby here rather than grabbing a bite to eat at many of the places closer to our hotel I ordered a juice, coffee, almond croissant and the deliciously sounding 'egg on your face' panini.  I returned to my assigned table, was given a bottle of water and then shortly our coffee and juice arrived.  I began to settle down a bit as I surveyed the yummy looking food being enjoyed at the tables around me and knew that what was to follow would be worth the headache of parking and slight delay in getting on the road.  I loved the drawings on the chalkboard and found it curious to read that one Saturday in June  of 1998 only 3 customers were served all day long.  What a stark contrast that was to the bustle of this Saturday morning where there was a constant line out the door!    While I was happy for their success, I secretly thought to myself that perhaps a happy medium between 3 customers and the hundreds (literally) that would overrun the peaceful dining area would be nice.    I was pleased when the panini and croissant arrived.  We shared both and had a happy little breakfast.  The panini was a good size and the bread was toasted perfectly.  The prosciutto was of good quality and paired well with the poached egg salad.  Not a fan of runny egg yolk, I'm happy to report that the eggs were soft but not runny.  It was a very delicious sandwich.The set-up was odd to me in that we had to pay at the end of the meal by getting in the long line again, giving the cashier our table number and then being cashed out.  Perhaps it was a system that worked better when not so crowded.  Or, as my husband stated, perhaps it was to tempt you one last time with the delicious pastries while waiting in line.  If it was the ladder, it certainly did its trick with me as I couldn't help but order a chocolate croissant for the road (sadly, none of the cookies or that amazing turtle bar were available at the time).If you are in Montreal, you must stop, even if only for a sweet bite to eat.  Oh, and if you can possibly walk over, I'd strongly suggest that as well!!  Happy noshing.
Came here to sit down and get lunch but ended up just ordering and eating at a local park with the ladyAtmosphere:- Bustling sandwich place that is very popular- You can sit down (35min wait at 1:15 on a Tuesday) or go to the back and order a sandwichService: - No complaintsFood:- Lady got the L'Antipasto which was amazing.  Eggplant on there with the moz cheese and basil really made for a creative and interesting sandwich.  I was having a bit of sandwich envy on this one.- I got the Cuban which was a little heavy but very tasty (heavy on the mayo).  Her sandwich definitely takes the price for creative and delicious- Salads looked very tasty and creativeOther:- Prices are a little high, but this is the old port - Not open on Sundays or Mondays- Want to go back to try some of the other sandwiches- They do not sell brand name drinks (coke, etc)
Came back last week and my old review still stands. Expensive for what you're getting, but the pressed sandwiches are delicious! The baked goods were a bit dry and not really worth getting except for the chocolate croissant.
Stopped by this little gem this past weekend.  Got a poached egg sandwich with all kinds of goodies -- chives, cheese, ham, sundried tomatoes and sriracha sauce.  This was an amazing sandwich.  It had a great blend of flavor, spice and gooeiness and surprisingly not as messy as you'd think.  Also went 'fat boy' and got an almond croissant.  Very flakey and not overly sweet which was great for me.There were two disappoints.  The place was very busy which I expected on a Saturday morning but they managed the traffic poorly.  It took us a while to figure out where the line for carry out orders started/ended and there were a lot of people there for dine in service that seemed to have a similar problem.  Overall though, the wait was quicker than I would have expected despite the initial confusion.  The other disappointment was the iced coffee...it was basically espresso over ice...had only one size which was a small and it didn't taste very good as it a was bitter.  I'm sure the hot coffee would is fine though as the coffee did smell amazing.But really, the food is worth it and it still gets a 5 stars from me.
always always love this place... their salads and sandwiches are tdf! Its a little pricey but worth every penny. You can tell that the best ingredients go into the food here, you taste it! Yum...my favorite lunch place in Old Montreal
At the risk of posting yet another redundant review, this place is great. Tasty sandwiches, pastries, wine, beer and coffee.  Great atmosphere and a cool (albeit touristy) location near the old port.The best compliment I could say give this place, beyond great food and drink, is that the pacing was perfect.  Although there was a long wait to get in on the rainy day, they never rushed us, and we felt very comfortable lounging for an extended late lunch.   As an American, it had a very "euro" feel, in a good way.  If I ever make it back to Montreal, i'll definitely head back here.
Loved this place. Every time we tried to grab breakfast or lunch here, there was a line out the door. So, in the midst of a drenching downpour, we ran to O&G for an early dinner at 5:15 pm. When we arrived, we were shown a table for our large party of six. We were also told that the cafe closes at 6 and they were out of all cold sandwiches. Soaked and ravenous, we ordered teas, coffees, hot paninis and a fabulous ricotta, corn and tomato salad. The food was delicious--made with interesting combinations of real, fresh ingredients. Just what we needed warm up and fill up. Almond croissant was divine, as well.
Neat little shop in the old port. Their food is very good and of high quality. However, there is usually a long line to get in and it takes a while to order from the two different counters. The food is great though.
VIBE O+G hits all of the marks - great local Montreal vibe with both English and French Montreal chowing down. Go to your table, then go to the counter, get what they have (they don't really make substitutions either) et voila! It is very busy here. PS they have a lovely chandelier in the middle. I ATEI had the truffled mac and cheese with mushrooms and a hardened crust on top. Bestill my heart. They evened out the fattiness of that dish with a side salad. Wish I could have gotten a soup. Dining partners had soups and sandwiches and vegetarian chili. Croissants transport you back to France. The desserts? Like their chocolate tart with a crispy, crunch bottom? Oh mon dieu! OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Definitely one of those lunch/brunch places you travel to and return to again and again. Le sigh. Pricey but worth it.
(*4.5) They are packed in the brunch hours. A standard 20 min wait to be expected. As a result, the service is rushed with the get in and get out mentality. Sandwiches & panini are delicious. The Cajun Chicken sandwich was sweet and savoury with the guacamole, fresh tomatoes, and mangoes providing a real fresh taste. We didn't order any but their salads looked extraordinary. Their prices are actually quite competitive considering they are in a posh area of town. They also have a great selection of baked goods. Overall, the quality and care put into the food does not go unnoticed, I just wouldn't rate it 5/5.
Olive & Gourmando was a must-stop on my Montreal itinerary. They are closed Sundays & Mondays, so I forced my group to stop by for a quick bite. Everyone was grumpy from walking around all day.The pastries looked amazing - all glazed and sugared up! We didn't eat any real food, but I saw some sandwiches/soups that nearby tables got and they looked very healthy and hearty! For the 4 of us, I chose a blueberry pastry and the famed almond croissant. Unfortunately, they ran out of the chocolate brioche :( Both pastries were unbelievably buttery, flaky, and delicious! We ordered an extra almond croissant for the road.  Nobody was grumpy anymore!O&G's decor was homey and cozy - would love a place like this back in the city!
Was here last spring.  Will be back to Montreal, because of this place!  Went here twice, for the short four-day stay at Montreal. Would like to try all the sandwiches, soups and hot beverages.  You will like the mocha! Very friendly staff too!
didnt know this place can be sooooo crowded! well it was late morning brunch time so...i really like the decor and the food presentations/ platings.the pastries looks & smells really good. i had a Cuban sandwich which was perfect for that rainy morning! lots of cheese nom nom nom.. the panini was grilled to perfect, crunchy on the outside and hot n soft on the inside. my friend had a crab salad sandwich which looks refreshing & good tasting as well ;)staff were helpful and service were fairly fast even when this place was packed with ppl.highly recommended!
Food was great, had the Cuban sandwich. Service was friendly. Cashing out is awkward.
My wife and I were here in late August and ate here twice while we were in Montreal. The food is delicious as is the coffee and tea. Expect a wait and tight seating quarters but fantastic atmosphere. My favorite waiter sang chaud laaaaa! Every time he went to the kitchen. We will definitely return when we are back in Montreal.
YUM I really liked this place, I had a plate that had some veggie quinoa combo that was like a party in my mouth. I dont remember what my boyfriend had cuz to be honest, I was busy...but I remember he liked it too! I deducted one star for the baked good because although the flavors were nice we had like a ginger cherry scone and something else, they were crumbling like crazy and to be honest Ive had better. But the decor and the place is sooo cozy you just want to curl up in there and pet a cat. Dont ask me why, thats just how I feel.
Just so happened to stumble into this place because it started to rain.  I'm enamoured with this place.  Cute, welcoming, unique decor that has a homey feel to it.  We were first seated, then advised that all the coffee/baked goods were to be ordered in the front while the back counter had all the lunch items.  We placed our order and then waited for server to bring it over to us. I got a cafe latte, my fiance ordered bancha green and shared a raison scone.  Their small latte is about 8 ounces which is smaller than most places so it was stronger than I was expecting it to be but still enjoyed it.  The bancha tea was served in a teapot with a cup both served on a wooden platter - cute.  It was paired perfectly with the raison scone which was sweet and had a light lemon flavour to it.  I'm usually not a fan of raisons but this was good. From the brief look at the lunch items (mostly sandwiches), they were all just under $10. I wish I had a bigger stomach. Note: ALL the baked goods are made in house - yummeh!
Great sandwiches especially the Cubain. The espresso brownies are also excellent. Worth the wait, but better if you get there before or after the lunch rush.
What a fabulous little cafe! I only tried breakfast here, but it was so good I came back again the next morning. The coffee was perfect and the pastry was equally delicious. Pass on the chain coffee shops and head straight to this little place. Worth it, even if you have to wait.
Don't miss this spot!Went here for lunch while visiting Montreal after reading the Yelp reviews.  It was so amazing that we went back for breakfast!  Absolutely delicious lattes and coffees, scrumptious pastries (I loved the almond croissant; the valrhona choc brioche was also amazing, tho extremely chocolatey), and delicious sandwiches and salads.  My cousins, who are from Montreal, almost died when we told them we found this place -- it is one of their faves.Don't give up on the long wait -- it moves more quickly than you expect and it's well worth it.  Special shout out to the lovely hostess (didn't catch her name) who was warm and friendly and remembered us when we returned the next day.We will most certainly return when we go back to Montreal.
The chocolate croissants melt in your mouth and your coffee. Excellent decor. Great staff. Welcoming atmosphere. If your in the old city it's the best way to start your day or to spend a leisurely brunch.
my pain au chocolate was very tasty and the coffee too. a bit expensive, but we are in vieux montréaò
Simply amazing!  The wonderful vegan selection was delectable. The service and atmosphere were charming.
It was our favorite place for lunch, and breakfast during our stay in Montreal. I recommend getting the food to go, and going to old port to eat. The place gets pretty crowded, and wait is a bit long to sit inside. Everything here is great, but I highly recommend poached egg sandwich, chocolate brioche, cubain, smoked trout, and cajun chicken.
This review is long overdue. Came here on the last day of my conference to grab lunch and found an incredibly long line with tons of people inside the little space. But I had time on my hands, so I went to the back of the line and waited for my turn. Lots of delicious looking treats on display. I got some sort of a chicken sandwich and a brioche. The sandwich was flavorful but rather greasy and a bit messy to eat. The brioche unfortunately I wasn't able to get to until the next day and got a bit dry, but overall good flavors.
An adorable place in Old Montreal get a great breakfast/brunch!The space is quaint, cozy, and FULL of people. Don't let that deter you, the food is worth the wait. The poached egg sandwich was completely delicious - perfectly cooked egg, a roasted tomato that was the star of the sandwich, and some smoky prosciutto that added another great layer of  flavor.Service is great considering how busy they are. The folks that work there are friendly and very helpful.Don't leave without a sweet treat for the road. The salted caramel turtle bar was seriously the yummiest thing I ate in all of Montreal.
Olive et Gourmando is just oh-so-quaint and charming that it's hard not to fall in instant crush with it... or at least for me.  I came here on my last morning in Montreal during labor day weekend.  I absolutely adore the small decorative details and the cozy atmosphere which was perfect for enjoying a scrumptious breakfast and some hot chocolate before my flight home. Service was helpful and pleasant. Since we had arrived too early for lunch, we were limited to their breakfast menu and opted for the following:Poached egg on your face paniniA delicious panini filled with poached egg salad, comte cheese, prosciutto, and roasted tomatoes.  The egg salad was light and fluffy and perfectly complemented by the sweet and saltyness of the prosciutto and roasted tomatoes. My favorite breakfast panini by far.Almond CroissantMy fellow yelpers don't lie. This is a must have at O+G.  I particularly liked that this pastry was fluffy throughout even though it appears that it wouldn't be upon first glance. Olive et Gourmando makes me sigh with a smile.  It will definitely remain on my bookmarked lists of eateries to visit again the next time I'm in Montreal.
Great lunch spot in old Montreal.  The radishes on my salad were picked from their garden out back, which I thought was pretty impressive.  My friends sandwich was OK, not great, but it was kind of their specialty item.  The Cuban I believe it was. The spicy chipotle type sauce kind of over drenched the sandwich in my opinion, which I hate.  My meal was good plus the overall atmosphere and decor of the place sway me into giving a 4.  That said, I used yelp to find the place so nothing new to report I guess.
I got an Everything Cookie and an almond croissant - the baked goods were certainly good, but I'm not sure I would brave the line and crowds to eat in. I got my food to go - which, coincidentally, was a little expensive relative to the rest of Montreal. The Everything Cookie contained walnuts, oats, chocolate and candied ginger. The almond croissant was more chewy and moist than flaky, but still very good.
Ooo la la!  Cet endroit est incroyable!  Okay, so I used Google Translator for that French.  Not sure if it appropriately translated, so this is what I wrote..."Ooo la la!  This place is incredible!"We had heard about it from folks we met in Toronto.  When we were walking around Old Town in Montreal, we weren't looking for it...but we stumbled onto it.  Glad we did!  The line was very long, so we decided to come back mid-afternoon.  Good choice, even though there was still a line...it was much shorter.  The wait was worth every minute!We had delicious sandwich and one of the best salads (unusual combo) ever.  Of course, on the way out the door we bought a few baked goodies.This place was one of the top 3 places we ate at during our two week trip.  Great food and fun, energetic atmosphere!Enjoy!
This small cafe has the best sandwiches and cookies in town! All the waiters are very helpful and friendly and the atmosphere is cheerful.
One of the best Cuban sandwiches I have had....and I have had them in a lot of countries....   Long wait but it was worth it.  Very reasonably priced as well.
This place is amazing.  It has one of the absolute best breakfast sandwiches ever - crispy bread with a zesty spread, prosciutto, melted cheese, eggs, etc.  Amazing I tell you.  I highly recommend the homemade ricotta with toast.  And the baked goods - oh my, they are superb.  The scone is fruity, perfectly crumbly, stellar.  The apple turnover is a solid choice.  The chocolate croissant is delicious (maybe not as perfectly flaky as can be - but the creamy chocolate interior is outstanding).  I assure you that this place is stunningly good.
This was my favorite lunch spot in Montreal.  My wife and I were there on a busy Saturday and only waited 5 minutes to be seated.  The system is very simple.  You order your food at the counter in the back then sit down and wait about 15 minutes for it.  I had Le Cubain (ham, braised pork, homemade mayo, and gruyere cheese in a panini) and a bite of my wife's Poulet de Grain Cajun (chicken, guacamole, tomatoes, mango fraiche and cajun spices).  Both were delicious with lots flavors going on and a little kick from the spices.  We each had a glass of their vanilla lemonade too.  I'd never had vanilla lemonade so I didn't know what to expect but I liked it.When you're done you pay at the register while getting an almond croissant to go.  You must not leave without one!  Especially if it's Saturday because they're closed on Sundays.  Their croissant flat out embarrasses the Almost Twist bread at Taipan Bakery in Flushing.
Wait, is this place for real? Excellent prices? And right in the heart of tourist country?  Score.  This place was really busy the day I dropped in with some friends.  The wait was short for a table and we got three different sandwiches (the veggie one with coppocolla (s/w), the cuban, and the cajun).  All the sandwiches were really tasty with the veggie/cured ham sandwich being my favorite.  The salad was full of great fresh vegetables and dill.  We were all kind of full but we split a blueberry tart, which was good, but not my fav. One person at the table ordered an allongée (coffee) and it looked and smelled so amazing, that the other two got one as well.  The inside of the place has a great atmosphere and les prix sont corrects. You should definitely check it out.
We stopped here for a mid-afternoon snack and got espresso and various sweets.  The espresso was full and strong, the way I like it.  I had the turtle bar, which was a decadent calorie bomb made of shortbread, salted caramel, and chocolate ganache.  Freaking amazing.  My mouth just filled with saliva thinking about it.  My friend got this shortcake thing with whipped cream and fresh blueberries, which was also really good and not that heavy or sweet (opposite of my dessert), so there's a dessert here for everyone.  They also have sandwiches and savory snacks for a nice lunch.TIP:  They are closed Sundays and Mondays!!
Just as good as you think. Fun atmosphere, delicious pastries, great service. The wait is often long. I recommend trying breakfast (early - before 9am) to avoid long waits. There is one hot breakfast option (like an egg sandwich with fontina mmmm) and all the amazing pastries you could want. I like the apricot, white chocolate and nut brioche. Very close to the Pointe a Calliere Archeology museum for out of town guests.
Oh my, this place. I don't even know how to begin.At least 3 friends recommended O+G to us when we mentioned about our trip to Montreal. One of them even went back 3 times on their last visit. We had to go, right? We were completed shocked by how good the food was. That includes the sandwiches, salads, pastries and drinks. So what happened? In a short few days trip to Montreal, we went back the second time just to have other food on the menu. It was one of the best restaurant experiences we'd had in Montreal, or in fact, the world. Sounds exaggerated? I know but we do feel that way. Get used to it.We tried a bunch of sandwiches: Le Cubaine, Cajun chicken, vegan and pomodoro. We also ordered the extravagant tomato plate with this crazily addictive crouton bits drenched in sun-dried tomato infused olive oil. They are beyond good, the flavour of the dishes screamed extravagant. They have a full spectrum of tastes and flavours.The special drinks: sweet lemon tea and vanilla strawberry lemonade, were both excellent companion to the off-the-chart flavourful sandwiches.Be sure to go before 2-2:30 on a weekday because some sandwiches will be sold out around that time.I would not mind taking a 7-hour drive to Montreal just to eat a panini at O+G, like, today.
I was recommended to this place by the concierge at the Hyatt Regency.   She said that it was not a very far walk from the hotel.   For a Los Angeles native that drives everywhere, she was wrong.  It was a very long walk.  The July weather was hot and humid in the morning.   I built up a very nice sweat going there.   I ordered a couple of croissants, a fruity bread, and a Latte.  I then started my hike back to the hotel.  I gave up.  I caught a taxi.  $8 later, I was back at the hotel.   All the breads were good.  The latte came in a small cup.   I needed more of a caffeine fix, so I had to buy another cup of coffee from somewhere else.  A nice little gem in Montreal.
We came here for lunch on a beautiful day, so of course, the wait was unbelievably long so we decided to get it to go.  The menu is only in french, but the people are helpful and translate the menu for you.  I had the Viva las Vegan, it was very tasty, but huge! I could have done with just half of a sandwich.  It is a bit on the pricey side for a sandwich, but they use quality ingredients.  The water is a quick walk away, so if you order to go, take a stroll down there and sit on the picnic benches to enjoy your meal.
Very good cafe. We had to wait about 30 minutes on Saturday, so prepare yourself for a wait. We walked by this place on Friday and could have gotten in right away. You can also just walk to the pastry counter for a quick purchase. We did that while waiting and the almond croissant was the best. I had Le cubain, which was very tasty. The bread was crunchy yet soft. GF had provenciale with tuna which is served cold. Even though it was cold, it was also tasty.
I am absolutely in lurve with Olive et Gourmando.  I am still dreaming about the Viva Las Vegan, drooling as I gaze at a picture of it on Foodspotting: foodspotting.com/places/… .  Tofu, pickles, veggies, hummus, the most perfect bread I've ever tasted; you get the picture.I think everyone else in Montréal feels the same way, because this joint is always packed.  But don't let the ridiculous crowd at the front door deter you from getting your lunch.  Getting a seat may take some patience, but if you're placing a to-go order, you'll be in and out in a jiff.  The line is split into two portions: the folks clogging the front door are all waiting for specialty drink orders or maybe an entire cake or something.  Dunno.  I just know it didn't have anything to do with me, so, shrug.  Squeeze through them and make your way to the second line, near the menu board.  Place your order there, then turn around and join the other line---you'll see it; it's still not the mob at the door).If you're ordering a salad or a sandwich to go, they'll usually have it ready-made, so all you have to do is stand with your order in the line to pay.  At the register, do yourself a favor and add a croissant aux amandes to your order.  Holy freaking hell.I can also recommend the chai tea.  You also place your coffee and tea orders separately from your sandwich / salad order: you'll see the barista person in between the two lines.  Yeah, it's a weird setup, but for the most part it works.I love the super-cute hipster staff.  Even when they're stressed and busy, they're still very sweet.So, yes, like I said, the Viva Las Vegan will knock your socks off, as will the croissant aux amandes.  If I'm being honest here, I ate two of each on this most recent business trip to Montréal.  After which I promptly hit the gym for two hours.  Worth it!
We were visiting Montreal as tourists, so having breakfast at this place was exactly what we were looking for. It's in the Old City; you'll want to stroll around the neighborhood and work up an appetite. The ambience is funky. The place seemed to be filled with locals, so we really felt like we were having a true Vieux Montreal experience. The service was friendly and prompt. The food was very good and prices were reasonable.
Hey...you looking for a good bakery? You want a good pastry or two? You want a cinnamon bun, or a garlicy corn bread muffin, or a yummy cookie? This is the place for you!Oh hell yeah! I would come here again in a heart beat.  here is the thing, though. They don't have bread here. So don't come looking for a baguette!
First time to Montreal, and this was the third eatery visited.  The other two were very good, but breakfast at Olive et Gourmando prompted me to write a review.  My order only consisted of the Housemade Ricotta "sweet" and an espresso, but the ambiance, service, presentation and flavour of the simple dish were exactly what I needed on this Wednesday morning.  Our timing was great, as it was not too busy.  That may have helped my experience, however I will definitely be trying this place for lunch very soon.
Reminds me of my fav place in Connecticut, Caseus. It has casual and relaxing yet hip atmosphere. It gets very crowded though so beware. I had an amazingly good truffle mac and cheese which came with a green salad with toasted sliced almonds. I got a chocolate chip cookies with pecans to go and it was very good.
My friends and I ventured into O&G during a recent vacation to Montreal, following up on a recommendation in a Lonely Planet guidebook.  My bf & I split the cuban sandwich, essentially a panini that was delicious with a creamy, spicy sauce.  Our friends had the chèvre chaud (hot goat cheese) with caramelized onion and house-made ketchup, the latter of which was slightly sweet and a perfect compliment to the salty, cheesy sandwich.  But the star of the show was the soupe du jour.  When the server described it to me--barley, corn, etc--I was less than enraptured.  But I am SO glad we tried it anyway!  It had such a delicious, unique flavor... I'm guessing a result of dill and lime in the mix.  It was easily the best soup I've ever had.  We capped off the meal with an almond pastry, gooey, delicious and fresh.  If you're ever in Vieux Montréal, do NOT miss this place!
Was put onto this place by a waitress at liverpool house, and she was right to rave about it.Read all the good reviews because they are all true. make sure you ask them how it works first, namely: you get a table; you order from the bar (front or back); they serve; you enjoy.All they are really missing is some kind of terrace, cause i could sit here all day and people watch.
It is crowded, noisy and worth it. I had the potato  chowder and hot cheese sandwich. They were both excellent. I refuse to call it grilled cheese because that doesn't do the sandwich justice. Go! Wait the line. You won't be sorry!
Croissants!  Croissants!  You really can't go wrong with any croissant in Montreal, but I have a new soft spot for the cheese croissants from Olive et Gourmando.It's a little, yet spacious-enough-to-allow-a-decent-sized-crowd type of a place, and it's located sort of in between downtown and Old Port - if I recall correctly.  I *think* it was near the Square Victoria metro station.I love the street it's on, as it's a narrow path with tall buildings lining it, and this shop is right on the corner.  The first thing you can do is get in line.  Then, you can drool over the display of breads and sweets they have behind the short glass in front of you.  Seriously, I was a bit peeved that I had to actually make a decision!  I saw "croissant de frommage" and if I learned any French while in Quebec it was the word for cheese.  I asked if I could get a breakfast sandwich made with that croissant and she said no.  Shucks!  Anyway,  I figured the cheese croissant would have a center-fill of cheese.  I also got an almond croissant.  Once you order, they tell you they'll bring everything to your seat.  You will pay afterward.  It didn't take long and the croissants arrived, with a latte (that I also had ordered, but this was just ok...  a bit lukewarm).  I tore into the cheese croissant and noticed nothing inside.  Hm.  Oh well, it's still a croissant and there ain't nuthin' wrong with that.  But wait, it tastes like cheese.  Ok, get this: They seem to have baked the croissant with the cheese having been kneaded *into* the dough.  So, there was cheesy goodness in every bite!  Because of that, the croissant was not overly flaky, but chewy and soft and buttery and complete perfection.  I didn't want it to end.  Oh, and they cover it with sesame seeds.  Yum.  The almond croissant is also incredible and truly almondy!  It just depends on if you want something sweet or savory.  Neither is wrong.I sat against the "bar table" by the window, with stools.  It's probably where most of my seating was during this trip.  Loved looking outside while simultaneously relishing in delicious culinary experiences.  Once you're done, you get back in line to pay - and tell them where you sat.  I'm not sure how the heck they keep track of all this, but they know.  For a couple of croissants and a latte, it wasn't even $10.  I believe the croissants were $2.50 or $2.75.  I ended up getting back in line to buy some more to take back home with me.  My dad ate them all for breakfast, and didn't leave any for my mom.  By the way: They keep well in the paper package, and even when accidentally put in the fridge, they still are fine once you bring back to room temp.  Well, my dad said they were not only fine, but outrageously awesome.  Service is nice, but the cashier got confused by me a time or two.  It's ok, it's not the first time I'm not understood. :-D  I'll be back to try lunch here.  Next trip back..  Can't wait.
A must visit cafe in Montreal.. It's busy so get there early... Go for breakfast, arrive when it opens cause people know this cafe! Wonderful breakfast: home-made ricotta with citrus honey and toast, breakfast panini and of course latte. We had to select some pastries to take with us... The crispest croissant with a buttery soft interior....  So wished I lived closer. Staff friendly with great customer relations.
Had a wonderful lunch at this place.  Foodies rejoice!  The food is delicious mix of complex flavors and deliciousI I had a panini that was really as perfect as they come in terms of taste, texture and temperature.  I loved it.  My partner had a sandwich with smoked trout that days later she referenced as the high point in the food of our trip.We got there for lunch on a saturday and the place was packed with lots of people waiting.  The wait wasn't too long (15 minutes or so).  We sat at a counter, and the place was bustling.  If I had to ding it for one thing, it would be that the place seems too full, too busy.  You order by sitting down and then going to a counter in the back to look at the offerrings and place your order.  I doubt you'll have a choice, but if you can, don't sit near the line that forms by the ordering place as you'll feel even more crowded as we did.  But the ordering line goes fast, and the people there are very helpful (even though we felt a bit rushed by the line).We enjoyed the location of the place, with horse-drawn-carriages passing by the window, light snow falling outside, gas lamps and solid old buildings around made for a very romantic setting.We recommend waiting until after your meal to go up to the other counter and get a pastry and some coffee for dessert.  Lots of yummy stuff and great coffee.A note about the star rating:  The food is really as good as it gets for what we wanted ( a not too expensive, but delicious and upscale (dare we say hipster) place.  So I'm giving it a 5 star.  I would have given it a 4 and a half because of the way the service works and the feeling of being rushed, but any food that sticks in your mind as a high water mark is deserving of 5 stars.Bottom line:  Looking for complex, delicious food?  Willing to pay a bit more than average and looking for an upscale, urban elite vibe?  This is it!
I would give this place a 5 for food and maybe a 2.5-3 for dining experience.  I have been here three times, and I think I might be done for awhile.I know it is really popular, and I expect to wait 45-60 minutes to get a table after putting your name in.  But, really, to then wait again in a line to order your food at the back counter?  That second wait was about 15-20 people deep, all crowding everyone else eating at tables.  When they bring you the yummy food, you are probably going to be crowded as well.  When you want to pay... guess what?  You get to wait in line at the front counter to do that.  Three waits seems excessive even for a really good Cuban sandwich and the world's most amazing raspberry lime-aid.  (Aside note: I have a rule that I don't drink calories except for alcohol, but I break it for this stuff.  Which is not to say I wouldn't put vodka in it if I could).  Also, while I think Montreal is generally rather expensive, $15 (before tax and tip) for one sandwich and drink is excessive for a cafe.  Add tax and tip, and you've got a $75-80 dollar lunch for four people.  Four drinks, four sandwiches only.  (Second aside note: it is not helpful that I just ate at a fantastic Italian place in Munich two weeks before... cocktails, bottle of wine, basil lemonade for the kiddos, salad, two pizzas and two pastas for 80 Euros, so the comparison is not great.)I accept the fact that perhaps I am old and the aforementioned is not a big deal to 20-somethings.  I don't think I need to come back unless it were a really nice day, and I ordered take-out to eat at one of the picnic areas on the river, which would be a far preferable dining experience.  (And only one line involved.)
What? Cuban sandwich?  Drools... I'm speechless. I need to turn the chef or chefs into my BFF !I can't even explain the flavor explosion of this sandwich, I feel like I'm insulting this masterpiece by calling it a sandwich. It is seriously the best sandwich ( so sorry to call you that ) I've ever tasted. I wish they would open another one closer to where I live. The place is very busy but worth the wait. Yes 10$ or so for just a sandwich with no sides is a little more pricey then other places but you owe it to your soul to try this little miracle. I do want to try the other things they have but it's soo hard, I can't neglect the Cuban I just can't !!!Are you convinced yet? I could keep going if you like, in fact I could write a poem about it, it's that good. Olive and GourmandoI love your Cuban sandwich I'd eat 10 in a rowAnd I know I would finishI crave it night and dayIt is seriously the bestIt drives me nuts that wayI can't even try the rest !
I had an excellent salad here while exploring Montreal. The system for ordering/eating in was a bit new to me, but everything worked well, and the service was friendly and helpful. Very cute interior. Vegan sandwich option on the menu was a plus for me. The selection of baked goods, granola, and seasoned nuts to-go was extensive, and everything looked great. I'll definitely try these next time.
Food is DELICIOUS here!! well worth the wait.   Have passed by this place several times and its always packed. Went here w a few friends- a great lively place to hang out w friends and enjoy good food and ambiance.
Love this little spot! Although very crowded, the breakfast sandwich and the cuban (a bit on the salty side for some people) are amazing! Homemade ricotta was super yummy also. Best to go during weekdays when it's not packed with people to enjoy some tea and a brioche.
Stumbled upon this place and was pleasantly surprised. A long line outside, locals and tourists. Put our name in and waited about 15 minutes for a table around noon. We ordered a Cuban and another panini with asparagus, pesto, cheese, and capicollo (can't remember the name). Both were amazing! Definitely recommend them. We also had the raspberry lemonade and ginger tea, which were refreshing. The staff was very friendly. Everyone from the hostess to the cashier at the end.Wish we would have discovered it earlier on our trip as we would have loved to try a pastry for breakfast. If we ever make it back to Montreal, we will definitely come back here.
Olive et Gourmando is exactly the type of little cafe that I wish I had in my town. When you enter you're greeted by a tantalizing display of baked goods, along with a chalkboard menu of coffee drinks. But you can also sit down for a light meal if you wish. When I told the hostess I wanted to have lunch, she reserved me a seat in the front window and directed me toward the counter at the back of the restaurant. Here, another chalkboard listed several sandwiches. But the one that I chose was the truite fume. There were also salads and side dishes. I ordered a salade verte to accompany my sandwich, then went to enjoy my seat at the window and wait for my lunch. The salad and sandwich both were generously sized. The sandwich was a truly delicious combination of smoked trout mixed with capers, sun-dried tomatoes, and red onions, and then layered between the two halves of a grilled white bread round with herbed cream cheese and fresh spinach leaves. The mixture of saltiness and smokiness balanced by the cream cheese was fantastic. The salad was equally fabulous. I'd expected a plain green salad but what I got was so much better, though still deliciously simple: a combination of watercress, parsley, and mâché covered with a lot of toasted slivered almonds and dressed with a light vinaigrette. Both dishes were wonderfully delectable--easily the best salad and sandwich I've had in a long time. Maybe ever. On the way out I couldn't resist getting a palmier to go. As I later discovered, this too was excellent. I'm used to palmier that are simply buttery and sweet, but this one went to the next level. The sugar had actually caramelized, coating the entire cookie in a slightly burnt caramel goodness. If there were an Olive et Gourmando at home, I'd never need to eat anywhere else.
SO GOOD! My boyfriend and I stopped in here for lunch a couple days ago after spending an hour or so at the Biosphere (we actually meant to go to the Biodome but we mixed them up, ended up there, and were very disappointed to realize that we were in the wrong place and there were no penguins).  We got off the Metro at Square-Victoria and walked just a few blocks to get to O + G. They don't have a big sign out front, so for a second we thought we had gone to the wrong place....again. :) But alas, we were in the right place!There was a line and we did have to wait about 15-20 minutes, but it was well worth it. The atmosphere was lovely despite the general hubbub. You order at the counter and they bring you the food. The menu is posted on a chalkboard and is written solely in French, so I had to do a little translating for my boyfriend before we could decide. As long as you have a basic knowledge of food-related French words, you'll be okay - Oh, and they do have some handy little chalk drawings surrounding each entree so you can get some clues that way. We got the goat cheese panini and it was deeeeeeeee-lish! I'm usually not a big fan of caramelized onions, but this sandwich was seriously good. The homemade ketchup was really yummy and added a lot of flavor. We also got a bag of kettle style dill pickle chips, which they bring to you in a basket. I also ordered a raspberry limeade, which they make themselves, and it was simply divine! Both of us were very impressed with the food and absolutely loved the sandwiches. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Montreal.
Fantastic experience;  amazing pastries and sandwiches.  Love the latte.  Great service.
Good patisseries
The only thing that disappointed me about this restaurant was the fact that I didn't find it till the last day I was in Montreal.  I probably would have eaten there multiple times had I known.Love the atmosphere, it's loud with talking/laughing and the ages of the crowd are mixed. Seemed to have been packed with locals (always a good sign)... Had a glass of rosé and a hot panini: The Goat Cheese - Carmelized onions, goat cheese and homemade ketchup... Finished off with a latte and an apple turnover with cinnamon sugar.  Yum, will go back daily when in Montreal next.
Got sandwiches to go. Had the chicken sandwich. It was excellent with chicken, guacamole, tomato and mango on wonderful bread. Took them to the park for a picnic. Line was very long for tables but moved smoothly to order food and to pay.
Worth every star I gave them! Good service, great food, and fun vibe! Their pastries  are great, egg in your face sandwich was good, service was prompt and polite. My only complain would be that the tables were too close! But that's in all the restaurants here in Montreal.
Yum, yum, yum! Had lunch here on a local friend's recommendation . The Cuban sandwich was beyond delicious, ginger ice tea was great, pastries were perfect. Perfect place for a quick lunch in olde Montreal .
The food here is fresh and delicious, I never thought I would enjoy a veggie sandwich so much.  The trout sandwich I had here was also pretty good, and the soups and bakery items looked and smelled incredible.The worst thing about this place is how incredibly busy it is.  It's always packed, with people waiting outside on the street since it's pretty tiny.  They also have a weird semi-table-service method where you get seated, but then order at the counter with a ticket, then a server comes out to deliver the food (eventually).  Then, you get up and pay the cashier.  I guess they don't want to shout out order numbers.As a lunch option, it's one of the best light meals in the Old Town.  I personally liked Le Cartet better, but this place is good.
Olive et Gourmando is part of the hip renessaince in Old Montreal. There is a set of new stores and new culinary destinations making names for themselves. Olive et Gourmand is an affordable gourmet sandwich spot amongst this revival.Upon entering, a place to sit and eat is picked for you and you move to the back to order your sandwich. There are several options daily, using fresh ingredients until they run out. I chose the Chevre Chaud, which was an answer to the American grilled cheese. It was a pain blanc bun with chevre and caramelized onions, and then grilled on a panini. The bread was perfectly white and fluffy with a good panini formed crust on the outside. The cheese on the edges also became toasted and caramelized.  It was served with a homemade ketchup dipping sauce, analogous to tomato soup but served cold, a bit thicker, and a bit sweeter. It was the perfect counter balance to the chevre and the caramelized onions in the sandwich. The delightful sauce sunk into the sandwich like a glorious edible sponge. Each bite is a treat for the palette.I loved Olive et Gourmando so much that I returned the following day.
Cheese Croissant - addictive!Almond Croissant - dense and flavourful (though a bit heavy for my tastes).Latte - the coffee was fragrant and the milk was smooth..the best latte I've had in Montreal!Going back to try their poached egg breakfast sandwich...may upgrade to 5 stars!
The first time we walked by Olive et Gourmando, you could hear the din walking down the street.  I thought that we were happening upon an uber-cool bar, but it was a Saturday afternoon when we stumbled by.  We made a mental note to try Olive et Gourmando for breakfast instead, since sometimes busy restaurants don't work with our active toddler.  The second time we went by, my high school French failed me as I was wondering why they weren't open, though the sign said 8 to 6.  Well, just don't go on a Monday!  We ended up at Titanic instead.   In the end, I sent my husband and brother to pick up many things to nosh on the way the flight home.  Apparently I was spared the crowd, surprising for a week day!  The goods were quite decent and my favourite was the rhubarb and ginger muffin.  They had no morning glory muffins, sadly.  The chocolate brioche wasn't as sweet as a chocoholic would hope for, but it was Valhrona so high quality chocolate at least.  The almond croissant was much sweeter.  My brother apparently didn't like his egg sandwich, but my husband did.  I think they spent about $50 on a variety of items that I lugged to the airport.  Everything was individually placed in a bag, which sported huge butter stains.  :)  Just the sort of thing you need on vacation.  I'd do it again if I had the chance.
Excellent food and great location in beautiful old Montreal.  Plus, cafe staff is amazingly helpful and friendly!!!!!
I was here again during the summer. The place was crowded with not only many people, but also many flies and some wasps. The baked goods section was swarming with them. I had to keep swatting them away from me as I was paying at the counter. It was just so disgusting and revolting. No one working there seemed to notice or care. They merely asked if I wanted any baked goods. No way. Not with that degree of insects around.
I very happily stumbled upon Olive et Gourmando as I was walking through the Old Port.  Its humble facade does not nearly do justice to the goodness inside.  I was promptly seated at the counter near a lovely open window filled with fresh herb, tomato and pepper plants that no doubt are used in their dishes. They serve various sweet and savoury breads, along with hot and cold panini and several delicious looking salads.  I had Le Cubain panini (a typical Cuban) and the apple salad that was to die for!  Oh, the humanity!  I love that they brought me a whole bottle (branded as such) de l'eau. I find that when I dine alone, those things are usually reserved.  I also had the chocolate brownie which had huge chunks of chocolate in it.  It was good, but not the best I've ever had.  The food was good, the atmosphere was fantastic and the staff was very helpful even though I was only able to speak rudimentary French!  Note: OeG takes cash or debit ONLY, but they nicely tell you that before they seat you.
We ate a breakfast and lunch here. The food is very good. I had the mushroom soup and a panini and it was tasty. It was a little too much food. The cafe latte and croissants were great. I would definitely stop here again. It is very busy on the weekends, but the wait was worth it.
Primarily a lunch spot, it also has gained some fame for their pastries and breads. Understandably so. The wait to eat in, even at 1:30 on a Friday was nearly half an hour, but it's totally worth it. They have a daily soup (Roasted pepper the day I was there. Drat) and a selection of both hot and cold sandwiches. There are also daily salad selections to choose from. I went pretty simply and got the Smoked Trout sandwich, consisting of  hot-smoked trout, capers, sun-dried tomatoes, spinach and herbed cream cheese. It was really quite good. The smokiness of the trout blended so well with the rest of the ingredients and oh man, the bread. This is a great example of what a sandwich should be. Together in this way, the ingredients offer a taste palate you wouldn't get from any other incarnation. The man next to me was determinedly devouring their Cuban sandwich, a favorite apparently. He sure looked pleased. On my way out I grabbed what turned out to be the best latte I've had in recent memory and a palmier pastry to nibble on later. I would go out of my way to grab a pastry here in the mornings.   Did I mention to can get everything à porter (take away)? I wish I was closer!
Delicious, try the brioche pecan, uhm, the chocolate one is also good. The coffee is good too coming  Mirage espresso machine. The environment is very nice. I would go back every time I visit Montreal.
This place reminds me of Paul Maison - a cafe I found in South Beach Miami. Both are little Parisian-esque cafeterias that showcase delightful bakeries and serve gourmet sandwiches made-to-order in a casual semi self-serve style. Coincidentally, Olive et Gourmando is on Rue Saint-Paul Ouest...huh, look at that.Cubain...zesty! Roll crevettes + crabe Chevre Chaud with homemade ketchup   Olive et Gourmando is a smaller, less polite version - I found one server scary, and I'm pretty scary myself.  You are directed to a seat and then given a sheet of paper.  You take it and head to the back to order. My sister and I got there late, what with our stop at Jeans Jeans Jeans!  By the time we arrived, they were sold out of the sandwich I wanted - egg on your face - booyah!  I feel like it needs to be followed with a booyah and two-finger gun shot motion?!?  I opted for the Chevre Chaud aka grilled goat cheese while my sister ordered the Cuban.  Then we decided to share the shrimp and crab roll. A little well-known fact for you: the average sister duo would share two sandwiches...but we above-average oinkers share three plus dessert.  All in all, the sandwiches-paninis-whatever you want to call them were very good, although the shrimp roll did not hold a candle to our mom's.  Our mother makes the BEST sandwiches in the world - her homemade chicken salad and shrimp sandwiches kick ass.For dessert I got the turtle bar which my sister could only nibble at because it had nuts.  Whoops, I'm still getting used to the fact she's avoiding nuts.  Poor sister recently discovered she may be allergic to them and it's still under investigation. It's really sad. Like, really sad. Our family is like animal kingdom, when you tell a pig she can't eat something, the jungle cries.All in all, I liked Olive et Gourmando; it may have been good-er if it wasn't so pricey. We finished off our plates and walked off the calories around Old Montreal. I want to go back to try the Apple turnover and egg on your face...but this time I will be sure not to be trop tard...Olive et Gourmando is trendy and fashionable, but a little high maintenance, huh, sounds a little like me *wink*.
Had the raspberry muffin and it was delicious and fresh.  Well, it better be for $3.50.  The chocolate croissant was crispy but I've had much better in Montreal and in other cities.
By Day 3 of my recent trip to Montreal, I was beginning to doubt the city's culinary ability.  After reading all the hype on Yelp, I had pretty high expectations...being a food snob, I still went in with a critical mouth.  I wish I could give a 4.5, but only because I want to challenge myself to find something even better than this on my next visit.At 10 on a Monday morning, this place was full - I can only imagine weekends.  We were instantly sat, though, and our "waitress" took extra time explaining the process of ordering pastries/coffee at the front, and sandwiches in the back.  Not wanting to completely overdo it, my friend and I split a sandwich which had THE BEST oven-roasted tomatoes, making the $10 worth it.  I had a latte and almond croissant and would easily have devoured twice as much.  It took all my will power not to order a cheese croissant to go.
I had the mac and cheese, which both my girlfriend and I thought was delicious.  The place is intimate and in the heart of old Montreal.  If you are driving, there is decent pay parking on the street.  You may have to wait 20-30 minutes as we did on our first visit.  The staff is very friendly and generally accommodating.  I wasn't too impressed with the vegan Panini.  If you're thinking about desserts. I'd try the cronuts diagnolly across the street...but I don't remember the name of the cafe.  I gave it four stars but I don't feel this is a must during a visit to Montreal.
Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Everything is superb. The food quality, the preparation, the service. Everything is top notch. I love the "egg on your face" sandwich the most. Truly an elevated egg sandwich.
Olive et Gourmando is the perfect place for breakfast.  The display of baked goods at the counter is mouth watering, atmosphere super comfortable, and service is friendly and efficient.I had a latte and a brioche de pomme et cannelle.  It was like eating a delicious cinnamon bun with less yucky frosting and more natural flavors of apples whose pieces you can actually find in the brioche. My husband had a "tartelicious," a flatbread looking square pastry with some sort of berry on top.  Good coffee, good pastries, and the sandwiches listed in the deli part of the cafe looked really good too.
Great spot for breakfast or lunch in Old Montreal. We arrived at 1 pm on a Saturday and only had to wait about 20 minutes even though it was very crowded. It was definitely worth it!  We had mushroom mac n' cheese (delicious) and ricotta with honey (also great). We also tried a croissant, since they are supposed to be excellent, but it was a little disappointing. The service was fast and friendly and the decor was lovely. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who visits Montreal.
Yum, still dreaming about the tofu hummus sandwich... If it came with a small side salade it would be a 5*, but very good casual place.
This review is from memory, so it's vague, but I had the best organic sandwich and tea at this place.  You can taste the ingredients in the food and it is oh so delicious.  I was convinced I had found the new culinary center of the world without jumping on a plane. love it!
Arrived on a Friday early afternoon for brunch and ran into quite a crowd here.  Tables are small and they refused to combine two 2-people tables for a party of three.  Instead, they insisted on squeezing in the third person on the side.  Since the tables are small to begin with, and quite cozily spaced, this was a problem because we kept getting bumped by people passing to look at the offering on the counters.  Table service was cold but the people behind the counters were very helpful and pleasant.  Everyone spoke English.  The food was good but not mind-blowing.  Also, it was overpriced for the quantity, especially things like salad.  The sandwiches, however, were very delicious and were carefully constructed using exotic and fresh ingredients.  I also really liked the focacia du jour, which they panini press and call "pizza-style."  It was warm, gooey and delicious.As a tip, order the glass of coffee instead of the cup.  It's only $.50 more but more than double the quantity.
This place is very cute. It's small with limited seating. The menu takes typical sandwiches and salads and kicks it up a notch with their own unique twist to add flavor. We enjoyed everything we ordered. Grilled Chicken Sandwich with guacamole, mango, tomato on flat bread. Caesar Salad with chicken, bacon, croutons. They also have a take out section where you can get everything to go including everything on the menu, coffee, and trail mixes. They have a very good vegetarian selection on their menu Tofu sandwiches as well as soba noodle salad with peanut dressing. This place takes CASH ONLY.
Arrived at ~1:30 on a Friday to a 20 minute wait.  TOTALLY worth it.  The leek and potato soup was delicious, my grilled sandwich excellent and my wife's soba salad amazing.This is the type of place we would have returned to 2 or 3 times during a short visit to a new city, but there are just too many other Montreal institutions to try.
Everyone I know that's been to Montreal, raves about Olive + Gourmando. For the sake of Yelp, and my appetite, I had to go. And yes, it's amazing.O & G has a charming, Paris-like cafe feel. Wood tables, freshly baked goods on display, delicious smells and classic but funky decor. The place was packed (so be prepared for a bit of a wait), but you're assigned a table number when one becomes available and then go stand in line to place a food order. If you're looking for take-out, that's also an option and you stand in the same line to place an order.They have about 9 sandwiches written on chalkboards above the food displays - my memory is failing me, but they were all classic with a twist. Chicken with pesto and roasted red peppers, caramelized onions with some sort of meat....something spicy. My apologies for the vague descriptions, but I guarantee they were delicious and fresh.  They also have an array of fresh salads, fruit salads, and  REALLY good fresh breads & spreads. I had the ricotta cheese with a yummy olive oil and parsley, cherry tomatoes and warm bread with a garlic-y glaze. It was delicious, and great to share.We also tried the baked goods (how could we not), and tried a butter croissant, banana loaf, and a mixed fruit and nut muffin. All fresh, all delish.The lattes were just another bonus, and added a nice touch to our lovely brunch. Located in the heart of old Montreal, this is a must-visit restaurant! All the rave reviews, are accurate!
This place is awesome. They also have a great idea.  You go up to the counter and order your food, sit down, eat, then pay right before you leave.  I think that this definitely speeds things up a lot.  I got the trout sandwich with kapers, herb cream cheese, spinach, and onions and it was delicious.  I could tell that the bread was fresh and homemade.Loved it!
Boulangerie Chari in Brussels, Belgium has the second best almond croissants the world over; the best can be found herein. Hands down. And I'm a connoisseur of this particular food, as it's my dietary Achilles heel. Also of note are: all their other pastries. I asked, and they can't ship to the united states. BUT, they're worth bribing your friends to bring em home for you. Oh yes they are!
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?? Easily the best food I've had in Montreal. I had the mac & cheese, which was perfect. The mushrooms gave it a wonderful savory taste and the texture was something I didn't know I wanted until I had it. The accompanying salad was light enough on the dressing and very, very fresh. Well worth the trip downtown for me and I will be back.The only issue was price. My lunch for one of the mac and cheese, a small soda, and an almond croissant came to about $21. There was a lunch rush but as a single, I didn't have to wait at all for a seat at the counter.
We got there for lunch at 4pm on Friday.  The place was packed even though they close at 5pm!  The place has a great vibe... loved it!  The food was excellent.  We got the Cubain Hot Panini and Cream of Squash soup.  Yummm!
Relaxed and warm atmosphere. I didn't try the sandwiches but the patisserie was so delicious
Read about this place in the Chicago Guide magazine and decided we must come to Montreal and try this place and so here we are! OMG... Best sandwich ever (ok..there is Ike's in San Francisco that is a Best as well, but different) .. I don't even think we should call it a sandwich... Panini... it sounds better .... this place serves the most out of the world Panini... the Cuban is the best... ok, we loved the Cajun chicken as well.. (and I don't normally go out of my way for sandwiches) Not sure the spread they use but it is delicious.... of course we had to try their croissant... it's on the smaller side, but I like it because it is not filled with tons of butter! The exterior is perfectly crusty, and the interior is soft. It's probably the first time I had a croissant and not feel heavy. We came at 11 and that seems to be the perfect time. Anything after 11:15, you will probably stand in the line.
Chocolate Croissant is amazing
LOVEEEED this place! No wonder there are so many reviews and so many positive 5 stars. We came here on a Saturday afternoon during our stay in Montreal and came back on our last day before the airport because it was just that good. On Saturday afternoon it was packed, with locals, tourists, you name it, so we had to wait like a half an hour to get a table, but it was definitely worth it. The second time we came was on a Wednesday around the same time and the wait was only 15 minutes so it really depends, but expect to wait a little. Now, onto the food, it was superb, the Cuban sandwich, toasted, warm, gooey, a lil spicy, was oh em gee delicious. Now onto the pastries, we had both the almond croissant and the tangy blueberry tart, and they were both spectacular, I felt like I got them from the streets of Paris, they were just that good. The next day we came back and tried the Cajun chicken sandwich and the goat cheese, caramelized onion with spicy ketchup one, and once again, filled with soo much flavor. I don't think you can go wrong with any item on the menu, from the drinks, sandwiches, pastries, all are top notch. The atmosphere is buzzing as well, making it much more enjoyable and fun. We loved it here and def. recommend it for all the foodies.
Lovely, lovely little lunch spot!The wait can be long (or they will tell you it's long and turns out to be quick!). Order in the back and food/drink is brought to your table. Very interesting lunch menu . . . good selection . . . nice wine/beer. Very delectable little treats at the front where you pay your bill.Staff are nice, hip, and available!
fantastic! i read some great reviews on here and decided to go for breakfast. we didn't have to wait at all to get seated, and the service was really nice. you have to order your own food at a counter, which they deliver to you. i ordered the brioche with cheesecake and raspberry swirls and the turtle bar. both were equally delicious.the decor in the place was quirky and fun, and the atmosphere was relaxed. the open windows allow for you to stare out onto the streets while you eat your food (not that i do that...) and sitting at the communal tables lets you listen in on other people's conversations (not that i do that either).all in all, an awesome place to eat. definitely going there again.
I don't think anyone needs me to tell them what to think of Olive et Gourmando. This is a Montreal institution and definitely worth a visit. One of my favorite cafes, in fact, because of the quality of the food. But its success is its weak spot. It gets rather chaotic and crowded - so not a place where you can usually enjoy a beverage or a snack in tranquility. They have servers who bring your food and drinks, but they make everyone crowd around the cashier to order and then you have to queue up a second time to pay after eating. (Why?) Some of the pleasure of visiting is lost by the whole "process" you have to go through.
A must go to place for breakfast, brunch or lunch in Vieux Quebec.  My wife found it extremely "cute" and fell in love with the place.  If you go around 11 you will be in good shape for an early lunch or brunch.  Breakfast did not seem to be much of a jam on the weekday we went (we went twice by the way). All the pastries are wonderful, especially the cheese biscuit which has a little cayenne kick to it.  Wifey loved the cuban panini.  I thought the filling was great but I personally am not a big fan of overly toasted bread (not burnt).  That being said, I would order one of their paninis again any day and love to devour some cheese biscuits for dessert.  And do yourself a favor and get a large cappucino.Not really that expensive in comparison to all the tourist traps you could get sucked into in the Old City.
The granola and yogurt is a great breakfast option. Perfect cappuccino and if you're feeling indulgent, try the chocolate brioche!
As an owner of a bakery cafe my wife and always look at other cafes for ideas and inspirations. When were blown away by the simple elegance of the gourmand. The food, drink and service was top notch from start to finish.  We also ate at some of the more "up scale" restaurants while in Montreal (XO, etc..) and we always found ourselves looking forward to our next meal at the gourmand. The love and energy always came through with everything we ate. This place is a MUST VISIT but come early if you want to have a selection
Very good food and pastries !! You can't be claustrophobic! Definitely will go again!
Best lunch we've had in Montreal!  Their Cajun chicken sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've EVER had.  It's definitely big enough to share (although you may not want to...). They've got a butterscotch and pecan bar that's phenomenal. My wife loved her almond croissant.
This place is top- notch. We thought it looked cute when we passed by one evening after it closed, so we decided to check it out for lunch. I'm so glad we did. It was probably the most memorable lunch of the trip. I liked that they ran out of the salad we wanted to order because they make everything fresh. It's a restaurant that takes pride in its quality, even if that means they can only make a small quantity of some items. The house charcuterie plate is fabulous. Can't recommend enough.
I really, really miss working in the area because this is my all-time favourite lunch spot. The food is to die for. Everything from the daily lunch sandwiches to the sinfully delicious chocolate-espresso brownies will have you coming back for more. There's nearly always a lineup out the door, and the place is certainly too popular for the limited space available -- especially during lunch hour rush. It can be crowded and a long wait for takeout, and table service is a bit haphazard during busy periods. But the staff handle the crowds with a smile, and the food is so worth it!
Delicious, hot sandwiches. Quick seating even though a line out the door. Didn't try the dessert but it looked great.
Great sandwiches, pastries, soups.
Olive & Gourmando quirkly local place to grab lunch if you're trying to save a buck. They're great for soups, salads, and hot or cold sandwiches which cost about $9. You can even get half a sandwich for half the price! It's a very busy place, especially during lunch time so expect to wait a couple minutes before you get seated. But once you are seated, you order from the counter, and it doesn't take long for servers to bring you your food.They have soups and salads of the day which have unique but fresh and delicious ingredients. My friend had a tasty salad with cooked squash and zucchini. I had the Cuban panini which had ham, braised porc, gruyere cheese, and a delicious mayonaise made with chipotle peppers, pickles, lime, and coriander (I checked their website for the the ingredients if you're wondering. My tongue would not have been able to pick up any of those tastes. All it knows is good or bad). They also have a bakery with cookies and brownies and more. I had a brownie that wasn't half bad, but I've definitely had better.The location is on a lively corner in Old Montreal. You'll see locals and businessmen walking by. There are also boutiques and art galleries galore, so after lunch, you can walk around and entertain yourself.
This was my favorite spot in Montreal.  The food was phenomenal yet not pricey.  Perfect for breakfast or lunch.  The chicken-avocado-mango sandwich.  Yum.  Yum.  Yum.  Go!  You will not be disappointed.
The soups here are fantastic. I stumbled upon here when I was on vacation and I will make it a point to go back. I brought home the packaged nuts. So good!
5/5.  Went here four times when we visited here.
Crowded but the food is heavenly! The restaurant being closed on Mondays seems strange
*Service (4.5/5)*: As good as it gets from the moment we walked in. Despite the look on the poor hostesses face at our party of 6, she wasted no time asking a dude to move to a stool and put together two tables. They take your orders at the sandwich bar and took the time to help my sisters pick. Within a few minutes of sitting down, we all had water, a glass of quality ice tea and then our sandwiches arrived.*Food (4/5)*: 3 Viva la Vegan, 2 Cajun Chicken, 1 Smoked Trout cold sandwiches. While the selection was limited to 4 out of 6 because we were "too late", said the sign, we all thoroughly enjoyed our cold sandwiches on grilled buns and left full (Erin couldn't even finish, but she's then tiny).*Atmosphere (3.5/5)*: Awesome blend of a metro bistro down in old cobblestone montreal. The atmosphere was a little busy and we felt like we had to give up the table as soon as we were done but with a full day planned that wasn't a problem.*Verdict?*: I'll be coming back for lunch the next time I'm in town.
if there are 10 people waiting to go in this place must be goodand good it was - the sanwich was excellent and so was the croissant and lemon square
The best coffee shop in old port and downtown area. If you don't have time to go to cafe Olympico, try this. Gets very crowded at lunch time and has very weird business hours so check before coming. Interesting spot for a flash date or just coffee and croissants in the morning.
Its a very nice old-world style bakery.  It feels very European and the attention to details is high.  We missed out on some of the lunch options because we were there "too late."  The signs hung on the chalkboard menu wall told us "too late" next to most options, so get there early enough if you want a lot of selection.  :)The nice hostess seated us and explained in a very French way how it worked.  "You will sit here.  Go to the back to order.  Tell them you are at station 4 and 5. They will bring it to you and you will pay up front when you are finished."  Hey, at least we knew what to do.  :)  The soba noodle salad was very good, the Elixir green tea drink was also quite nice.  Very clean, they wipe the tables as soon as you leave, and the baked goods looked excellent.  This is my second visit to Montreal   and second visit to this bakery.  :)
Olive et Gourmando is a cozy little cafe that is on the outskirts of the Old Town. It is decorated in a very inviting yet casual way that makes you want to sit there for hours. It is old-fashioned in a way that it has gourmet food on display everywhere, but there is something rustic yet modern that instills trust in me - so I don't have to order something safe on the menu (like the other old town restos). It is sorta split into two with a coffee station and a sandwich station. You sit down at a table which has a little flag with a number, and then when you order, you tell them what number you have. I have had the Cubain there which I think is a Cuban sandwich and has nothing to do with Kurt Cobain. The sandwich here is a pressed sandwich or hot panini with ham, braised pork and gruyere. Very tasty. It is not the biggest sandwich and doesn't come with a side. It makes up for it small size in flavor. My friend ordered a Cesar Salad with chicken which she said was good, although there were only two pieces of chicken in the salad. The food is visually appealing to the point you could have a photo session with it, and so did a man sitting behind my friend. He staggered his bread pieces around his soup (I think it was), and then spent half and hour shooting it. We tried going today at around 4pm on a sunday and it was closed. So you might want to check the opening hours before heading here!
This is a great cafe and bakery in Old Montreal.  The coffee is very good and the food is super fresh and well made.  The servers all are very friendly and welcoming.  My server highly recommended the "morning glory" muffin and it was probably the best muffin I have ever had.  I will definitely come back the next time I am in Montreal.
Fabulous! Loved the sandwiches--had the Cubano and really enjoyed it! The wine selection is good for a cafe. The baked goods are good to à porter. The location is perfect right in the heart of Vieux-Montréal. Stop by if you're in town.
An update: Olive et Gourmando reopened in January 2009 after its usual December-January hiatus with some cosmetic changes to the space, AND the decision not to bake and sell breads anymore. The sandwich breads are still made in-house, but OeG says it wasn't doing enough volume in breads to justify the effort. The rest of the menu is unchanged and still as good as ever.
I'm always impressed when i eat a sandwich and think - even though the ingredients are listed on the  wall, there's no way I could ever put them together in a combination that would be this good... It's baffaling really... House made tea and lemonade also spectacular - cafe americano was quite lovely as well. Avoid the 11-2 Lunch rush - we got there at 3 and still had a 15 minute wait, but well worth it.
Who knows Montreal, knows Olive & Gourmando.  An Old Montreal gem promising the most gratifying sandwhiches, warm home-made soups and fresh elegant salads.  And it is understood that no matter how full you are, a dessert is a must have! With the most enticing selection of baked goods all made in house, you will surely be seduced! This is the go to place for local Old Montrealers, as well as my ultimate recommendation for tourists looking for a great neighbourhood treasure.
The line sucks but this place - from the sandwiches to the sweets to the beverages - is freakin awesome. Good luck picking out just one dessert; I don't think any of your choices could be anything but amazing. If you're willing to take your food to-go, you can be out in 20 minutes rather than waiting 30 for a table. And the food makes an awesome sitting on a bench in the park meal.
This place is expensive.we had half a smoked trout sandwich that was awesomeness smashed between two burnt pieces of bread. if they bread wasnt so burnt by the fool who grilled it the sandwich would have been much more satisfying as i do not enjoy eating charred carbon that causes GI cancer.we also got the bell pepper soup which was cold, and refreshing.the almond croissant was alright, not too heavy with mild almond flavors, the plain croissant was also nothing extra-specialthe couscous salad was rather interesting and something i would recommend trying, as it was fresh and the feta cheese and gave it a sharp edge like ow !only problem i had with this place was that its quite expensive for what you get. all i ordered above, if i were to eat myself id still be hungry.
The food here lived up to the hype. Great neighborhood vibe.  Walkup and order and then they serve you.  Not a place for dinner but any other time the place would be great.  Good music going also.  Highly recommend it as a stop.
Came here for breakfast at the recommendation of our hotel concierge, and can't say I was disappointed. The service was great, even in the morning rush. Our server even took the time to chat with my friends and I to recommend places to see during our  weekend in Montreal. I absolutely fell in love with the apricot coconut & white chocolate brioche. The place itself was comfortable and rustic - felt like we were in  France. Would definitely go back again!
Extremely popular lunch spot; but didn't quite get the hype aside from the excellent pastries and lattes (this is where the 3 stars comes from).  Went here for an espresso and a chocolate brioche, both of which were awesome but then came for lunch and had the Cuban sandwich....not so awesome.  It was just really greasy with a little meat and cheese and the other sandwiches looked so much better.  The ginger tea was excellent though, and the salads looked pretty good.  It's also really pricey -- $35 for 2 sandwiches and 2 teas.  Next time I will pass on this place for lunch (or the Cuban at least) and only go here for the pastries and espresso.
Simply divine!  Picturesque flower pots open window seat looking out to Old Montreal on Rue St. Paul made it five star highlight.  The entire menu delights me!  By far my favorite breakfast/brunch hot spot in Old Montreal!
The sweet stuff is less sweet than the ones in America, which is a huge plus. Latte was meh. Atmosphere was good. Would come again.
Brilliant place. We visited twice during our long weekend in Montreal and enjoyed this bakery/cafe. Try the delicious house-made fontina cheese plate and the basic green salad (which is anything but basic)
Why is it so hard to get a good espresso and croissant sometimes?  I'm so glad that I found this place because they fill that void.  I'm not going to lie - this place is packed so  you'll have to take that into consideration.  The staff has a bizarre system that seems to keep things moving along and their friendly attitude makes it work.  Everyone was super nice and the coffee was so rich and wonderful.  The baked good were heaven - brioche, croissants, muffins... and the egg sandwich is so flavorful.  This place is filled with character and is a wonderful experience.  Please note that they are closed on Sundays :(
While there were many good reviews, I found my experience to be lacking, if not slightly comical.  For me the confusion lied with the line to pay the bill. This line consisted of people buying food from the bakery and people waiting to pay for their meals. There were two women taking money, one was the cashier and the other presumably baking and dealing with payment at the same time. The people in front of me were being helped by one cashier so I moved to the next one. This is where the stereotypical French/English Canadian culture clash began. The malevolent little baker yelled at me to get to the end of the line. A little confused I returned to my spot in line. She then yelled at me a second time, 'sir these men have paid!', pointing at the men behind me in line. 'They've paid?' I repeated, totally confused. 'Yes, they paid!' She yelled, clearly losing any patience she had with an ignorant line cutting anglophone. I looked at the man behind me who was as confused as I was. I looked at her with what I can only assume was a stupid look on my face and said 'sooo...'. She mockingly made a stupid face back at me and just stared at me. It began to dawn on me that she meant that the men had YET to pay. The man behind me told her that I had been in front of him the whole time. To which she responded that I could stay in line if the man behind me said it was alright. For some odd reason I felt the urge to apologize to the man behind me. He laughed and said her behaviour was unbelievable. I finally was afforded the privilege to pay her and she threw the change in to my hand without looking at me. I exited onto the street somewhat baffled and embarrassed. The food was good if not a little pricey, but not good enough to be treated in such a manner.
Honestly folks get a grip.  The sandwiches are good but not extraordinary and not worth going out of your way for.  It gets a zero for ambiance.  All the guide books talked this place up but we just didn't get it.
Olive et Gourmando, how do I love thee... I've been a patron of Oilive et Gourmando (in the sense of literally having spent thousands of dollarinos there!) for over three years now. I 'm a regular, so it's hard for me to write a totally unbiased review. If you don't know O&G, it's unique among breakfast/lunch cafés in Montreal. The atmosphere reminds one of a New York or LA hipster café, but unlike the latter, O&G is not pretentious in the least, and everyone is treated in a totally egalitarian way no matter who you are and how often you come here. I hate places with attitude about how cool they are, and how lucky you are to be hanging out there. There's none of that BS at O&G, and it is cool without trying. It's first come first serve, and you'll wait at least 20-30 minutes for a table between Noon and 1. If you can't stand the wait, head straight past the line of folks waiting up front, and continue straight back to the glass vitrines, where you can order to go. The great thing about O&G is they make their own everything, and they only make just enough for each day, so you're guaranteed things will be fresh. The soups are usually great, although having eaten so many of them I notice that the flavor profiles tend to be repeated; they are usually spicy with a good bit of acidity. My main critique of O&G, that the flavors can be a bit one-note, is also praise, because they do things with incredible consistency and high-standards. The salads are better than anywhere else I've tried in town, and you won't find any mushy or blackened leaves here. Try the Caesar salad con pollo, which is a great mix of bacon, capers, and parmesan with romaine and kale. Also a classic is the No. 24, a good vegan noodle salad. For sandwiches, the spicy cajun chicken with its great blend of mango and guacamole is "nummers". Another favorite, especially in winter, is the Cubain, with its decadent hot, cheesy, meaty goodness. The pastries are all exceedingly rich, and at times too heavy for my palate, but the brownie and the Belgian chocolate pecan cookie are great and will put you in chocolate / butter overload territory. The brioche is way too heavy though. Coffee is very good here too, and they have a nice tea selection. All in all, O&G is a great place to have lunch and / or spend a morning in a buzzing yet cozy place with excellent, friendly service, and attention to detail.
I have two words for you.  The Cubain!!  Do not eat this if you're worried about calories.  Don't be worried about calories and EAT IT!!  This place is busy at lunch so get there early or get take out.  Do you like cookies?  You'll love the cookies here too.  They're huge so good for sharing and once again worth the calories.  We also ordered their salad of the day which was also very tasty.
Oh Montreal!   This is one of the reasons why I love you... The BEST place for grab lunch in the BEST area of town.  There's always a wait here, but the line moves rather quickly, so WAIT!  Their panini's are amazing, especially the caramelized onions with goat cheese!  Show up rather early, because they tend to sell out of panini's towards the end of the day.  Also, before leaving, you MUST get the "extraordinary brownie", and also take one to go for the road home.  Honestly, the BEST brownies I've ever had in my life, and my sweet tooth is ginormous!  It has a hint of espresso in it which complements the bitterness of the valrhona chocolate.  And since you're ordering up the brownie, may as well get the chocolate-banana brioche too!  I'm from Boston, and everytime I visit, I stock up on their pastries like it was the end of the world.  I am considering just calling them up and having them ship to me their goodies... worth every shipping penny.
croissants were perfect,  delicious sandwiches,  really sparse menu,  had the Cuban and wife had the cajun chicken. great location,  hip,  quirky,  very pleasant service.
The croissants and pastries are amazing. I was there around 9:30 on a weekday morning and the plain croissants were already sold-out. Hence, I ended up trying an almond croissant. It was absolutely divine. By the time we finished eating, even the filled croissants were sold-out. It's like a taste of Europe right in the heart of Old Montreal. All of their breads and pastries are very high quality and very European. I wish there was a place like this in every city.I would definitely go out of my way to go there again on my next trip to Montreal.
The food here is outstanding and the coffee is pretty good, too. I would have given it 5 stars except it is pretty expensive, even for the quality. When back in Montreal, I would go again, though once per trip is the splurge limit. The brioche is quite good. We also had a fruit cup which was good, though way too much. Between my husband and me, we ordered two brioche and one fruit cup, which was too much for the two of us (and my husband has a pretty good appetite). The coffees are good but order the large size. It is about twice as much as the petite for just slightly more money. Fresh orange juice was a nice treat.The only downside is the cost - 2 lattes, 2 OJ, 2 brioche, and 1 fruit cup came to over $50.
Absolutely AMAZING bakery!!! Oh how I wished I was able to squeeze in a 2nd trip here. They have the most amazing croissants... pain du chocolat. I credit myself on being able to spot good food when I see one and ordered the most amazing bread/ pastry that I saw in the display. OMG. DROOL!!! Hands down all time favorite bakery IN THE WORLD!We had a cuppa hot chocolate along with the breakfast... OOH SOO GOOD!
Best lunch EVER! The grilled goat cheese and cartelized onion sandwich and roasted beet salad with nuts and watercress were to die for! Again, best lunch ever!
Very cool place.  It would do well in SF.  Very diverse menu with fresh ingredients. . . soups and salads.  Excellent Goat Cheese panini.  Listened to the guy who wrote 36 hours in Montreal and he was spot on.
Good fresh and interesting sandwiches (trout was very good), salads, soups.  In a comfortable cafe.  I'd definitely go back even if I hadn't tried the sea salt turtle bar which earned a star on its own.
What can I say, I found this place on Yelp and had to try it myself.  The previous reviews were dead on.  We had to wait but weren't intimated by the crowds considering the food here was supposed to be excellent.  I was disappointed that they didn't have the poached egg sandwich but the server suggested the Mac n cheese which was made from 4 cheeses and included a salad (all for $10).  It was definitely worth it, hot and tasty!  Also tried the Chicken sandwich which was very satisfying.  They have a very nice ambiance, slightly loud music but good songs. Closed on Sundays and Mondays so make your way here on weekdays or Saturday mornings.
very good bakery and sandwiches, very nice place. service was ok.
I don't often give five stars, but can't recommend this place enough!  Their egg-cheese-bacon sandwich was out of this world, and the croissants were to die for.  I lived in Paris for 5 years, and can tell you these croissants were as good as they come.  Nice little cafe, wish they had been open Sunday too!
While this looks like a total tourist trap (with tourists overflowing onto the sidewalk), it also had a lot of locals.  It was worth the wait and provided a super yummy, filling lunch.  All of their salads looked great, and my friend loved her's and the soup (and she's QUITE picky).  I had the goat cheese with caramelized onions.  Bought a couple of pastry to have for breakfast the next day.  How to order/pay was a bit confusing, but other than that it was a very satisfying experience!
what a perfect little place.  I wish we had more places like this here in Miami.  All you need to know is that everything is exceedingly fresh and the sandwiches are the best I had in Montreal.  The atmosphere is very cute with great energy.  Highly recommended for an excellent lunch.  We were there for 6 days and came here twice.
amazing paninis.amazing homemade lemonade.amazing atmosphere.really good place for brunch.and who can beat the lovely euro feel of old montreal?
Some mighty fine pastries and croissants with the combination of good italian coffee while located at the heart of old Montreal, makes this place a true gem!
Awesome sandwiches and pastries.
I have been here now for lunch twice, and I am always grateful to make the trek to Old Montreal.  The space is great, the coffee/hot cocoa/tea are amazing, and I love their sandwiches. I got the Herbivore salad last time, and it was also great.  Plus their desserts are quite nice.  It is super busy, so expect to wait, but the service is friendly considering.
Best Ricotta of my life.
Wonderful!  As another reviewer mentioned - try the almond croissant.
You will never find a better mocha. Ever. Nice place for celebrity spotting too in the summer.
My visit to this cafe made my summer trip to Montreal complete. I couldn't stop going back the atmosphere was so soft and lighthearted yet perfect service, the floor mgr was funny cool and sweet.... I love the breakfast menu... try everything its so worth going here if your anywhere close to old town Montreal
Cute little spot in the Old Port. Absolutely lovely, very European with tons of french pastries and good coffee. I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal or even to locals.
ttempted to eat here on Thursday, July 21 at around 1 pm.  All tables were full with nobody waiting.  We were told by the hostess (tall, slightly curly short black hair; medium plus build) that we would have to wait around 10 minutes and that we were next.  After approximately 5 minutes, a couple walked in and were greeted warmly by the hostess in french (we speak only english) and were immediately given a table.  When the hostess returned, we asked her why they were seated before us if we were next.  She stated that they were waiting before us.  They were not.  She was extremely brusque and aggressive in her response.  The attitude was overflowing.  This led us to a few possible conclusions:1.  she knew them personally, 2.  they were given preferential treatment because they spoke french,3.  the restaurant has become drunk with success and no longer feel that civil customer service is part of their business model.It seems a shame, given the food looked pretty good.
Good food nice ambiance but a little pricey for what it is
Nice sandwiches and salad. Lot of people on summer days at lunch time.
I ordered and paid for 3 sandwiches and bakery items to go.  When I came back to my place, I found they had put only one of the 3 sandwiches in the bag.  I know I should have checked but they should have made sure to get the order right.  I'd expect this at McDonald's drive through, but not where they charge so much per sandwich.
Artsy place with a cool vibe. My wife and I went there for a nice lunch and that is exactly what we got.  I really like the contrast of flavors that we had in our sandwiches. Mango, cajun chicken, and avocado --MMM!! Delicous!
One can't help but pine for the culinary comfort of a Parisienne cafe when walking the cobblestone streets of Old Montreal. When in search of a place to have breakfast we happened upon this place which had quite a line at 10 am on a friday. Stupidly we opted to go to a place across the street that was fairly empty called Marche de la Vilette which ended up being a failure. Angry we went back across the street just to check out the menu and I ended up getting a sensual chocolate banana brioche bun. The butter caused see thru grease stains in the takeaway paper bag but I didn't come to Monteal for salad and granola... We still wanted to try the true "petite dejeuner" and hit up Olive et Gourmando the day after. We had the egg salad hot panini which was a damned revelation. The cafe au lait was great too. Reading the paper in the sunlight that teased its way to our table and dining on a complex panini of eggs, sriracha, oven roasted tomatoes and cheese was one of the fondest memories of our trip.
This corner café in Old Montreal is seriously one of the best in the entire city. The food and pastries are absolutely second to none. Everything I have had here has been incredibly creative, fresh, and tasty. The atmosphere is also truly charming. I love their Franglais plays on words written on their chalkboard walls; the charming old seating and the windows filled with plants that open onto the cobbled streets and three-hundred year old buildings. It would be improved if they added a row of street seating (were it legal) for those beautiful summer days. And it is insanely crowded - at 3 PM on a Wednesday, no less. I am not sure if there is ever a time you will feel relaxed here...but that's what you get when you offer the best food in the best surroundings in a neighborhood somewhat surprisingly lacking in other quality offerings. If you are going to Old Montreal, make this your morning or afternoon repose, bar none.
We went to Olive & Gourmando for lunch. It was a popular local eatery with a very long line. Some students brought a book to read while waiting. The menu was hand-written on the wall in French, which we knew very little. We ordered the food based on our limited understanding and a lot of guessing. We were starved after the long waiting and did not know whether we ordered the food we anticipated. Luckily, the sandwiches were delicious. I will definitely bring a travel dictionary next time.
I grabbed food here on the way to the airport after a meeting in Montreal a couple of years ago.  It was pricey, but service was fast and the food was unbeatable.  My only "complaint" is that, like so many other places in Montreal, everybody switches effortlessly between French and English and makes me feel lame for only knowing one language.
The sandwiches are to die for. Ingredients that you wouldn't normally think mix well are like symphonies of flavour in your mouth. Get there earlier in the day because they run out of sandwiches and there are less choices to pick from.
So this place was packed when we got here, so we opted just to get a pastry to go.  We had the chaussons aux pommes, mmmm good.  The apple was a little tart and not too sweet.  The pastry shell itself was delicious, sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar.  We wish we were able to fully enjoy what this place had to offer after having the pastry we wanted more! Definitely worth checking out!
i'm not sure if it was a time of year when the city empties out, but walking around montreal i noticed that there were so many restaurants that were absolutely empty or outright closed. to my surprise olive was packed and we actually had to wait a bit to be seated. rather than being annoyed, i knew we were in for a good lunch. i wasn't disappointed. the cuban sandwich was excellent and really hit the spot. the bread was perfectly crispy and the cheese was pure melted goodness.   the vanilla strawberry lemonade was surprisingly refreshing and the latte kept me happy as we walked along artist alley on a chilly day.
Best almond croissant ever.  Unfortunately, it was crowded and we didn't want to ruin our dinner reservation, so we stopped in for a snack of some pastries.  The almond croissant was unforgettable.  We also ordered the raisin and walnut brioche and it was fantastic.  Only down side is they're not open on Sunday or we'd bring some home.
love love LOVE this place.  i don't know if its b/c the tomatoes are so fresh - again something we realized after visiting montreal - the tomatoes are so fresh and good.  like crack - addicting!  i love it so much i want to give it 5 stars and wanted to go back for dinner and the next day for breakfast/brunch.  it is in a completely cute area of old town montreal and has the cutest vibe.  entering the restaurant, you wait in line until someone comes up to you and asks for your name and # in party.  you wait and then get seated at a table.  you then order your food at the counter, give them the paper that the host/hostess gave to you and wait for your food to arrive.  how they know where you are sitting to deliver your food - i still don't know.  i don't remember them giving you a table number.  it has such a cool vibe, ambiance.  very casual with a mix of couples, singles, and families.  service was good and everyone was very friendly.  we ordered the tomato/mozzarella salad, cream of broccoli soup, and a side salad.  all were phenomenal!  the tomato/mozzarella salad had the perfect mix of ingredients.  there were some crunchy crouton type of fixings along with some roasted tomato/olive salsa.  the cream of broccoli was more like a broccolli puree and was not that fatty/creamy.  we also ordered almond croissants to go (as recommended by other yelpers) and a palmier.  we had the croissants the following morning on the plane and they were still completely tasty!  i cannot wait to go back to olive et gourmando...i would love to eat breakfast here every day if i could.
Holy asdfghjkl.What is this heaven that I've found on earth?I am a chicken lover. J'adore le poulet!! And an even greater fries lover. And this place does not kid about their fries. If there's one thing that can earn my respect for an eatery (obviously besides good food), it's massive portions. They stuff that poor styrofoam box with so much fries ohhhhhh mannnnnn. So delicious. AND free Portuguese bread-- not sure what the proper term is but it's fantastic.I was heart broken when I found out that there wasn't a Nando's here but brahh, this is arguably better.I think they only take debit/cash which doesn't really affect me so 5 freaking stars for you Glen Coco.
About a 2-2.5: Romados is a Portuguese bakery and grilled chicken place that is considered to offer one of the best grilled chicken in the city of Montreal.  The menu offers different parts of the chicken as family packs or as combos, coming with a bed of rice, fries, a side of salad, as well as a large bread.  You can opt for the chicken to be 'spicy' or 'regular,' which is a brushing of a sauce.  The hubs and I shared a 1/4 white-meat chicken combo, which came with a breast and thigh.  I was slightly disappointed, as the chicken itself didn't look like how many had described it to be, with the skin being nice and crisp.  It was definitely juicy, but it was lacking in the flavors, as even the 'sauce' didn't help much.  I'm sure you could request for some extra sauce on the side or some extra brushing, but I wasn't much of a fan of the sauce any way.  The bread, I didn't care for, as it was pretty dry.  Service was super friendly, and there's limited seats within.  Just note that there are 2 lines - one for walk-ins (on the left), and one for call-aheads (on the right). +friendly staff+complimentary bread with meal+juicy chicken, but still flavorless (?)
Romados? Romados!!! How have I not reviewed Romados yet? This is a Portuguese chicken Makkah for BBQ lovers from all over town and the world!  There is always, always, always a line. The first time I went there I looked at the line and kept on walking, but then I passed by the window to the kitchen, took one look at the rotisserie and went back to the line... I was not disappointed, and I keep coming back again and again.  There is a line for spontaneous people, and a line for people who pre-order on the phone, but most people just don't do that.  However, don't worry, the line moves steadily, and sure enough, you'll get there - and get to ask the servers for what you desire. They have all kinds of combos - 1/4, 1/2 or whole chicken with fries / rice and salad.  Sometimes they will make you choose between rice and fries and other times they will give some of both, depending on the server's mood. When they are in really good mood, you will get extra pices of chicken as well (happened to me once!). The portion size is huge though, and I was never able to finish. I always have leftovers for the next day.  Other times I just come in to get a whole chicken to take home, and that keeps me going for a few days! They also have sandwiches, but the Bifana (pork sandwich) is not nearly as good as the chicken.The quality of the chicken is consistently superb. It's super tasty and I personally prefer the spicy sauce. The down side to this place, other than the line, is that the servers just throw the food in Styrofoam boxes, and their way of chucking lots of everything in there unfortunately extends to the the salad dressing as well... the box is always overstuffed with goodness, but it's more of a take out thing, and for those who want to sit down and eat there, it's kind of a bummer to be eating out of Styrofoam... (no plates! or non plastic cutlery).While their prices are very reasonable, sometimes you can get coupons that will make it even cheaper!
Mmm chicken. Said to be an institution in the heart of Montreal's historically Portuguese neighborhood, the menu of the day featured both chicken soup and BBQ Salmon. Both options made my mouth water but seeing the dozen or so BBQ chickens in the background grilling, not to mention the aromas of chicken from block away, I really couldn't bring myself to try the fish.Ordering:This is not a traditional sit down restaurant. To the right are pastries and bread you can order at an walk up counter. To the left are some tables to eat at should you decide to eat on site. And down the middle are two line ups, one for preorder pick up and one for ordering.My girlfriend and I opted for a large chicken poutine to share along with a chicken soup and a traditional Portuguese dessert, pastel de nata.The food:First - A large chicken poutine: It's literally assembled in front of you. The staff took our order and grabbed two chicken thighs from the grill, stripped the meat off the bones and packed it into a Styrofoam box - I dock of points for Styrofoam  - with gravy, cheese and fries. There was so much food; between us we could have easily shared a small.  The chicken was so delicious - moist bbq chicken cooked and flavoured perfectly -  though with the fries, gravy and cheese it was salty for my taste.Second - the soup was also generous in proportion.  I can see myself needing/wanting/craving it on a cold day or if I had the flu. The chicken melted in my mouth, but the noodles were soggy.Lastly - among the wide choice of pasties, the pastel de nata is definitely the way to go. It was a nice way to end the meal, not too sweet, the pastry flaked off nicely and it's making my mouth water now thinking about it.Overall - the value for money is unbeatable. It's totally possible to have dinner with leftover for lunch the next day on ten bucks per person.
I've had Portuguese good and really good one at that back in NYC. I was in Montreal for 3 days and I haven't found a place to eat to get me on that bus on a full stomach. I picked this place because it was the one of the top recommended 10 eateries to try. I travelled here from old Montreal to try the found. I backtracked on the poutine because just by looking at it, the fries seemed a bid tender with oil. I ordered the 1/4 chicken with frites. Now my issue is that my starving stomach awaited a travel and wait of 20 min to get this. The chicken was ok, but it did mix good with the spicy sauce try have. But honestly this place is overhyped, not the Portuguese type food you'd expect. More like the fast food version. Fyi you get a free roll of bread from the bakery inside.
The smell you get from this place as you walk up to it is enchanting. Being Portuguese i basically took the reigns for ordering for my friends the chicken was amazing perfectly tender with crispy fries and an awesome spicy sauce. If I lived in Montreal this place would be the death of me. I also bought 6 Pastel de Nata (custard dessert with a flaky crust) by far the best version i've had in a while. I usually get them in CT but these were defiantly memorable. BTW  you get a 1/2 chicken fries and salad for 9.95 theres no beating that.
Worth the hype; Ramados offers authentic Portuguese style rotisserie chicken with addictive sauces and good service. The chicken is butterflied and chopped into finger food sized pieces. The skin is very crispy and beautifully seasoned. Order ahead to avoid lines. However,  we showed up to a lineup that stretched to the door and did not have to wait long as the staff bagged chicken after chicken with surprising speed. If you're hungry; get the whole chicken for two. Fries are also delicious from here. The salad is nothing to rave about but then again this place is not about eating salad. Staff is friendly and efficient.
After watching Anthony Bourdain's Layover episode on Montreal, we found our way to Romados and were not disappointed. This place is seriously good. Huge portions at a very reasonable price makes this place a must visit while you're in Montreal.
Wow get your rotisserie on here! This spot is very popular so order to go or come off hours as there's only 5-6 tables.  Be sure to order as much as you can to avoid wishing you had more. I got a 1/2 spicy chicken combo covered in fries and small side salad for about $9.Whatever that sauce is I've got to get my hands on it! It's spicy sweet barbecuey sauce that got me feenin.
Often imitated rarely (but many places are trying) duplicated. Romados is the benchmark for Portuguese chicken and fries in Montreal. It's been a while since I've eaten here and can't believe I haven't reviewed it but here we go. Came here with out of town friends on a Friday night to explain this joint is a staple in Montreal dining. We arrived at near 8PM and the line was almost out the door. I explained to my friends the wait was well worth it. 20 minutes later we were eating delicious tender succulent charcoal grilled chicken. The flavour is really out of this world. The mix of the spicy sauce and grilled flavour is 7th heaven. The fries are light and heaping in serving. Also provided was a small salad. My friends had to try the chicken poutine and it came as a massive serving with a heap of chopped chicken. Words that come to my mind about Romados: sublime, delicious, light, flavourful, spice, seasoned, fall off the bone tender, huge portions, tasty awesome and inexpensive! If you don't eat here you are missing out on one of Montreal's finest dining experiences!
I first went to Romados two summers ago and I have been craving it ever since.  The service is very quick and the staff is VERY polite and friendly- you feel like you've been friends with them for years.  As for the food- I LOVE chicken and this is some of the best chicken you can find anywhere in Montreal.  The prices are unbelievable with the most expensive menu item being a large side portion of rice for $13.50.  We got the meal combos that included the 1/2 chicken, fries, salad and rice and it was under $10!!  You can decide if you want the chicken to be spicy or not too.  I got it spicy and it was the perfect amount of added heat to add a real kick to the meal. We then walked down the street and enjoyed our meal at the small park that is close by.  It was perfect and I can't wait to go back.
If you are in the area and hungry, there is no better option than to order a quarter chicken and fries and Ramados. Montreal is home to some of the best Portuguese rotisserie restaurants, but none offering charcoal-fired chicken at affordable prices like Ramados. The combos are packed with generous servings of chicken, fries, and salad, so there are no worries of leaving unsatisfied. Don't forget to order some natas to finish your meal! Ramados is a take-out restaurant, but there are two or three tables inside. However, there is no better place to enjoy your saucy, charred chicken than the nearby park on a sunny afternoon!
Another place that ppl are crazy about but it's always crowded and the "spice" is more just salt.I would recommend, the next time you feel for this, turn left off St-Laurent on to Rachel instead of right and go one block you will fine a much smaller little shop (Rotisserie Portugalia) turning out the same if not better tasting Portuguese chicken.Just my 2cents
Really great Portuguese chicken, fries are soooo yummy and the natas are the best in town! Best to call ahead and put in your order as the line ups are nuts at peak times. Also you'll get better service if you speak French...just sayin'
I don't quite understand the hype Ramados receives. The wait is always very long and I've been disappointed with the food.The chicken cooked in charcoal has a nice flavour. It would be so much better if they basted it while cooking instead of drowning it in piri piri sauce after cooking. I find the skin often comes out soggy. Their fries are well seasoned but frequently undercooked. When all you serve is fries and chicken, you have to deliver it to perfection every time.There are so many choices for Portuguese chicken in Montreal, it's a question of taste but Ramados is far from toping this list in my book.
Arriving at a good time, the lineup behind me got massive!   We only had 4-5 parties in front of us, and the line moved quickly.The chicken is divine.   It is cooked on a rotisserie with a dry rub, and you can add a spicy sauce to it - which wasn't spicy at all, but very tasty.  They toss the chicken bits into a bag, and off you go.   There is minimal seating inside so plan to eat elsewhere - there is a nearby park with picnic tables we found.   Service is quick, and this place is popular for a reason - great chicken.
If you're visiting Montreal like the wife and I and trying to find this place, just walk down Rue Rachel and let that wonderful sweet smoke guide your senses.  That delicious smell wafting through the air will lead you to some tasty Portuguese comfort food. Plain and simply . . . Just order the chicken plate!  You can order it with a 1/4, 1/2 or full chicken. It comes with a crispy on the outside, tender on the inside rotisserie chicken slathered with a spicy, citrusy Portuguese barbecue sauce that'll make you say, "Thank Goodness we came here after that 2 hour hike through Parc du Mt Royal!"  A salad, rice and some of the best seasoned fries I've tasted is literally piled high on your plate.  I'm glad the wife and I shared a plate because I had just enough room for that Portuguese egg tart and coconut flan.  The egg tart was flaky, chewy and creamy all at the same time.  And if you like flan, just imagine flan with a little coconut rum like twist . . . Miam!Excellent food . . . Happy wallet!
Hot restaurant served hot food but cold tart.... It seemed to be lined up all the time because the price was very reasonable for such large portion of chicken. I had 1/4 chicken with half rice and half fries(Thank the friendly staff for meeting my requirements :) . But honestly, I expected to taste much flavourful chicken not just salty. Even all the side dishes, salad, rice and fries are better than chicken. The bread was good but the tart was not crisp at all!! The cold stuffing was too sweet. So, I only can give it 3 stars.
This place is a Montreal classic. My husband is from Portugal and trust me when I say they have the best pastéis de nata in the city. Best Portuguese chicken! Can't go wrong with anything in this place
One of my absolute pet peeves is going to a restaurant and being served dry chicken. Fortunately, this is not the case!This used to be one of my favorite places to grab lunch in Montreal. The chicken is very juicy and tender. It is seasoned perfectly with tons of flavor from each bite. Everything is fairly priced and the portions they give are reasonable. Definitely a great place, unfortunately it is a bit far and inconvenient to go.Very satisfied and highly recommended!
Yum yum yum! I am remembering the chicken and fries right now and I just want to salivate! We came here based on Anthony Bourdain's visit and I was determined to try. So tender, so flavorful! The chicken and fries were fully drenched with that "crack sauce." When I say crack sauce, I mean it is so addicting you don't want to stop eating. I don't recall the exact price of the meal but I shared with my boyfriend and it was more than enough food! There was a long line but it moved quickly and especially so when you know what you order. The seating is really small but you can easily take it to go at a nearby parks (seems to be parks are a plenty in Montreal). Luckily we found a table and chowed down! There isn't much space but you begin to forget about it once you eat. It is definitely chicken and fries to try and I can see myself coming here again!
The half-chicken is an amazing deal! Comes with fries and salad, and the chicken itself is very well seasoned and full of flavor. The seating space is a little bit limited though, and the pastry section's desserts seemed not very fresh. Altogether, a great experience because the chicken was top notch. I will definitely revisit this place, but I suggest to avoid the desserts section in the evening.
This was the best meal I had in Montreal. I ate at Joe Beef, and all the top restaurants in old town and Rotissire Romados kicked them all to the curb. 1/2 chicken with spicy sauce, fresh fries, and salad... all for under $10? You seriously can't beat that. The chicken juices and hot sauce seep into the fries if you let it sit for a few minutes. Take yours to-go, walk down to La Fontaine Park and enjoy the best chicken while sitting on the grass. I wish we had a restaurant like this in San Francisco!
Super moist chicken, and great desserts! Protip - dont take pics of their chicken behind in the kitchen i was yelled at in french by a very angry lady. We ordered half a chicken and sides to share with some friends. The spicy sauce was really tasty but not quite spicy so hot food friends might be disappointed. I'd come here as a regular for sure if I lived nearby!
The first time I try to eat here. The chicken is plain not taste marinade or hot sauce . To much oily.  The price is very good. The place to seat is very tight
This is yet another establishment which makes Montreal Montreal. Nothing fancy, no gimmicks, no attitude and amazing prices. Just roasted Portuguese chicken, fries, sauce, salad and a bread and Portuguese and French pastry counter.There is absolutely nothing more that I can add except to say that if you are visiting Montreal or a naive Montrealer who has never gone then GO. Like NOW.Chicken roasted to perfection, juicy and yet still practically falling off the bone. So good that you're going to use your hand to get right into the bone as well.And then the fries. These are perfect salt and pepper fries, which reminded me of the salt and pepper chips which the Kettle brand makes. Try to get them slathered with the spicy sauce and it's a joygasm in your mouth. They also sell homemade Portuguese sausages, buns and of course natas, their sweet egg custard cups which are probably the best in the city.For $13 bucks for a whole chicken, it's worth your while to pick up a bird or two, a large order of fries and take them home, keep them in glass containers to keep them fresh, and you have a great lunch meal to take to work for a couple of days.While you're waiting in line, it's an interesting place to people watch. Everybody seems to come here, I saw Portuguese aunties, guys from the hip hop crowd, snotty Westmount chicks waiting in the Land Rovers outside, professionals coming from work and everyone in between. That's the thing about great food; it brings everyone together.
Restaurant staff were extremely helpful and friendly, but food was not that great. Chicken was dry and Portuguese tart was cold and overly sweet. Fries were nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, but were extremely salty. Rice was bland, but salad and dressing were ok. Food did not live up to the hype on this visit.
First and only time i've had portuguese chicken and I was not dissapointed. The chicken was very flavourful and juicy. You get a huge box of fries and chicken for about 10$. Would visit every time i'm in the neighborhood.
So I have nothing to say against the food. The chicken is always super tasty and well cooked. My chicken sandwich was excellent and my salad was good. The only thing is I wish they put a bit more love in their service. I mean the lady literally throw a huge handful of salad in my styrofoam box, add way too much dressing and force the cover to close. So I'm walking with salad hanging out my box and dressing dripping all over...not the end of the world but I like love served with my food. That's all.
My second time eating here and this time I tried their poutine, the chicken and the poutine were delicious! My friends fell in love with this place and it was their first time eating poutine and they screamed out more poutine on our way back to New Haven! Craving for more delicious chicken & poutine from this place!!!Be aware they do not take credit card. Cash or Debit only!
This place is great. Food is excellent and I love taking take out and walking to the mountain to have a picnic in the parc.
Best Portuguese chicken in all of Montreal. Almost no waiting even in busy hours, as a tourist in Montreal I was sooo happy to find this local jewel.
Love the chicken and desserts. Fries as well! But always busy the place so recommend to go.
Well, nothing's perfect. On the one hand, the food here is consistently delicious and cheap; the kind of feel-good food you treat yourself to on a weekend or a busy weeknight. You've seen the reviews.On the other hand, ordering from here is a huge pain. Ordering in advance serves no real purpose (I've ended up waiting longer than the walk-ins every time) and the line system is confusing and poorly laid out. For instance, there's a reason every fast food place ever has you order and pay at the start : it avoids the type of checkout bottleneck that is at this point a staple of Romados. Another annoyance is the two side-by-side order lines with no divider; a solution that would be much more elegant and effective than 3 different signs above and below customers' line of sight (cue arguments with other patrons). And another: no credit card and no paywave payments make payment unnecessarily slow every time. I could go on.But when all is said and done, the chicken is so good that I still end up braving the crowds and coming here nearly once a week. Problem is, Romados' management knows it, too.
Though I put 3 stars here, I think 3.5 would be more appropriate. The chicken was tender and tasty, but it wasn't the the most special chicken rotisserie ever. Like it was good, solid, satisfying, delicious, but I'm not sure that another perhaps more obscure restaurant couldn't do the same? Fries were very good, though again not necessarily exceptional? Overall still a solid experience. Portion is very generous so order less or you'll have a ton of leftovers. I think for one person 1/4 chicken is fine, and you can ask for less fries/rice and more salad.
//Vibe|Wait\\Although in a hipster area, this place isn't hipster at all. Has that classic neighborhood bakery look/feel. There are two lines, if you're only ordering bread/pastries/stuff from the freezer, get on the bakery side. Chicken is the left side.Rotisserie doesn't start until 11 am. So if you show up early and there's no line, that's because only the bakery is open. Once lunch time rolls around, no matter what day of the week, there is a wait. We queued up at 11:30 and even though the line wasn't out the door, we still waited maybe more than 30 mins. So if you live in the area, call ahead. Limited seating, but when we went, not many people were sitting to eat, so you might find an open table during lunch time so long as your group is small.//Food\\Very reasonable prices, generous portions of fries (short, thick cut). For the popularity and wait time, I just didn't get the hype behind the chicken. Maybe I should've gotten the spicy seasoning, because beside a strong taste of wine, the chicken didn't taste that special to me. It's not bad, but not a taste I'd wait so long in line for. The seasoning on the fries are good, but a little too sweet for me. You get a lot of fries for what you order, so think twice before placing a separate order or even going for the medium or large fries.I really liked the egg tarts.The crust itself was thick, chewy, layered, and flavorful. A good pastry base, which isn't always present in most egg tarts. Although the custard was much too sweet for me (with a smooth and non-curdled consistency), I was pretty impressed by the crust, and my kids thought these were the best they'd ever had.
Chicken made with crack.THE FOODI have never had rotisserie that was so compelling, this is something else. The chorizo is excellent too. The fries are not bad either, and they also have a pretty amazing bakery section.THE SERVICEPretty friendly and efficient.THE ATMOSPHEREBusy, hip, bustling.
Forget all the other chicken places when in Montreal.  Romados hands down has the best chicken in the city.When you come to Romados, you will notice that they have classic Portuguese fair on the menu, bifanas, fish, etc, but I can't stress it enough, ORDER THE CHICKEN.  You won't be disappointed.  It comes with seasoned fries and a little salad.  When the person at the counter asks if you want sauce, say yes! Sauce on the chicken but also tell him or her to put on the fried.  Trust me.As you sit down and open the box, just be careful.  The fries might be overflowing.When you will bite into the perfectly cooked chicken, you won't be able to help but notice how crispy the skin is and how juicy and smokey the meat is.  It literally falls off the bone! Just make sure you lick those bones clean, I sure know I do!I don't live in Montreal anymore, but when I do come back, I make sure I make a pit stop at Romados.  Every time my friends tell me they're going to Montreal, I tell them they have to go to Romados.  They come back thanking me and telling me that it was the best chicken they have had in their lives!  YES, I'm serious!Once you're done, if you still have space left, get one of their pasteis de nata (Portuguese custard tarts).  Simply delicious.  By far the best place for Portuguese chicken, or any chicken for that matter, in Montreal.  There's a reason that there's always a line up.
Worth the wait, plus the line moves quickly. Sometimes the chicken isn't as juicy as I remember, so always get extra sauce just in case!
Such a massive!! amount of food for such a reasonable price. The chicken is really done to perfection. This place is a stable in the area and for good reason
Their portions are HUGE! For under $10 you get a 1/2 chicken, salad, rice, french fries and a dinner roll. I could easily eat this for 2 maybe 3 meals. The chicken is quite delicious, very tender and juicy. The french fries are yummy and I don't know how they make their rice but there seems to be some seasoning infused in it which makes it quite yummy too! I had wanted to try their portuguese tarts too when I first went in but I was too stuffed by the end! It's usually pretty busy but the line goes pretty fast. The space is okay, the seating is a bit close to one another and can feel a bit cramped and sometimes all the seating it taken, but the food is totally worth it!
Good price value. Everything on the menu is pretty good, but they are competing with a lot of good Portuguese places in the area. The service could be a bit more friendly.
I live in the US now and this is one of the places I always go back to when I visit family. Best BBQ chicken I've ever had, no doubt about it.
Love the Portuguese chicken, fries could be a bit crispier on the edges. Good natas for dessert.
We stopped by here on our way to the park, and as usual, there was a pretty long lineup. Fortunately, the lineup moves pretty quickly. Overall the food was pretty good, especially the fries, and the prices are great - $10 for a meal. That being stated, we weren't happy with the portion size of the chicken breast - just too small. Also, maybe we were unlucky, but the chicken was a touch dry. I've been to other Portuguese rotisseries that I thought were better, but I would still come back here if in the area.
Top notch Portugese chicken perfect for a picnic at nearby Parc Jeanne-Mance! The 1/4 chicken combo (with fries and salad) is my go-to. Portions are very large--for a meal under $10, it's really great bang for your buck.
What can I say about this place other than it's the go to place for Portuguese chicken in Montreal.  It's been around for a while and locals and tourists alike love this place.  The service is pretty much cafeteria style and there is a seating area, but it's very small.  The line ups are fairly long and this place is busy until they close up in the evenings.  I suggest coming here grabbing take out and eating in the nearby park or on the hood of your car if you want to enjoy this chicken action.They give you a massive amount of food with each order.  You get your choice of chicken quarter or half, a ton of fries, a salad and a bun as well.  You can also choose to get hot sauce on the side or drizzled all over your chicken if you like.  I suggest on the side, as the chicken has plenty of flavour as it is.Overall a great spot to grab that Portuguese chicken you've been craving in the Montreal area.  The price is right and the chicken is juicy, what else can you ask for right?Oh yes and try their custard tarts too, so delicious!
Not the nicest decor. No place (almost) to sit but the best chicken I had, punto. Read the reviews and all but nothing better than give it a try. I highly recommend it and I will go back for sure.
Sorry, but i really don't get it. The chicken is greasy and the fries so-so. It's like the Portuguese-style junk food. I would not recommend it. Clean place and nice people though.
Not all that impressed here. The food is good but nothing I would come out of my way for. Eats:- whole chicken which is the only reason I would come back. It was juicy from every bite. Skin had great flavor and was cooked just right- French fries.....ehhhh it was ok but I wouldn't order it again- Salad.......just lettuce with some onions and dressing, yes I know it's a salad but I would pay $3.00 for what was given. Dislikes:- employees are not that friendly. I was a bit rushed which I don't like. I also needed to take something to go and took one of the white paper bags located on the counter and the woman behind the counter snatched the bag out of my hands and told me i can't use that bag......some advice it's a bag and if I can't use it for my "to go" things don't leave it out!!!- see top for French fries and salad- limited seating- no soap in the restroom- a little pricey I would not come back.....sorry yelp reviewers I was misled this time.
The chicken was not good!!!the meat is too dry..and the service is terrible!!!!!you delete my review?i can give you just a bad review again!!!
Stopped here from the great reviews on here and didn't regret it.  A pretty unique experience for me to be able to get the poutine (which was made with the fresh rotisserie chicken, cheese curds, and brown gravy-- And was absolutely delicious). I also got the 1/2 chicken meal, which included a salad and A LOT of fries. Everything was incredible and I would recommend this to anyone.  If you want a unique(ish) experience in Montreal, PLEASE come here (you won't regret it).
Another Montreal staple!Here's the deal: Portuguese chicken is delicious, and Romados makes some damn good Portuguese chicken.Quality/price: for around $8-$9 you'll get a styrofoam box with more chicken, fries and salad than any regular human should eat in one sitting. If you don't consider yourself a regular human though (like most of my friends), you'll find yourself more than satisfied.If you're in the mood for being reasonable (or if you're just not down with a post-meal food coma), ask to replace your fries with more salad. This is also a good low-carb/slow-carb/keto option.
Cheap price for the huge portion.I ordered 1/2 chicken with fries and salad.Chicken was so good.Fries and salad was okay, nothing special. I couldn't even finish half of those fries.Great choice if you are hungry and don't want to go spend a lot of money.
Bargain deal for a family meal for three.  One chicken combo with fries and salad, soda $28.  The line goes almost to the door which is an indication that this is a Montreal favorite.  The chicken was smoky, tender and with a mild spicy sauce.  We ate all of it.  Fries were the one disappointment - huge serving and a bit soft and oily for my taste.  they also have chorizo sausage, but most come for the chicken.They also serve pastries and cake which we didn't try, but looked good.
I love chicken any way you serve it, so when I saw this place on Yelp, I had to make it a stop on my food crawl. We came in around 9:30pm on a Saturday night and the place was pretty busy. It's order at the grill and pay at the counter type of establishment. Perfect for takeout! I ordered a 1/4 chicken meal which you have a choice of white or dark meat for a $1 difference. They only have two sauces that they slather on your chicken, mild or spicy. I highly suggest that you go with spicy. It's not incredibly spicy but it is extremely tasty! The meal comes with delicious, crispy fries (have them put a little sauce on that too), and a side salad (so you feel so bad for eating all of those fries). With a drink, my total came out to just shy of $10. Though, the amount of food I received could have fed me for 2 meals. They also have pastries and baked goods, which I wish I wasn't so full after the meal or I would've indulged. Overall, it's delicious, fast and affordable food and I'd happily eat there again.
No doubt the best Portuguese chicken in Montreal. The chicken is grilled to perfection. The meat is moist and tender, not to mention juicy. Served on heap of golden crispy  fries. I can go on and on about how good the chicken is, but there are almost 150 plus reviews about it. Another thing no one here mentioned are the chouriço's. They are really good. Spicy sausage Portuguese style.  Lines are REALLY long, but they move fast. You place your order, pick it up and go to the cash register and pay by Cash or Debit. No credit cards accepted. Did I mention the food here is very cheap??? And yes, Their Nata's are good too.But you have to visit this place mainly for their chicken. P.S. : Definitely NOT a good place to visit if you are Chicken  Food -  Really GoodService - FastAmbiance -  What Ambiance???Worth the money - Sí
Oh Romados, how much do I adore you so - let me count the ways:Location - Rue Rachel and Rue de Builion in the Plateau-de-Mont-Royal. Yeah, it's a 7 minute walk from the Station Mont-Royal on the Orange line, or the STM 55 (St. Laurent/St. Urbain) bus line.  You got your OPUS card, right?  Good.  Rue Rachel is also bike friendly, so Bixi over.  Service - self service counter.  Wait on the long line for your shot of chicken rotisserie goodness, we are all equals here (unless you call it in for take-away in advance, get ready for the icy stares from lesser men and women, or has the tragic distinction of being a vegetarian...in which case, I pity you).  After you are done, take your chicken-y goodness to the Parc De Mont-Royal, or sit down on the bench outside.  Francine (I think that's her name) would come out once in awhile to greet you and ask you how you are doing in French (I think she is the wife of Fernando, the owner).  Merci beaucoup madame, le poulet est superb (sorry, my middle school French from NYC never really developed beyond this point). It's good to have the wife of the great patriarch of Montreal chicken ask how you are enjoying yourself in their presence.Food - yeah, as if you need to read my reviews to know that they are good.  Look at the satisfaction ratings - it's 90% above 4 stars as of Fall 2014.  But just in case you don't pay attention, here are the facts:a) Chicken - juicy tender and flavorful with that smoky flavor, the peri-peri based spicy sauce is downright addictiveb) Fries - plentiful, crisp yet soft and savory, salty like the way it should bec) Poutine - see fries.  Now add a healthy (to the cuisine, not to your heart) amount of cheese curds, properly set up so it's not cold, and then add some very warm and spicy chicken gravy on it.  It's Poutine as it was meant to be at the good places - it's pure and well crafted.  No silliness like guacamole, no bell pepper sauce, no hot dogs, no smoked meats like the has-beens at Resto La Banquise.  Just good, crispy soft greasy salty spicy dirty mess.  Like embarrassing good sex that leaves you itchy and sweaty all over.  Yes.  It's that good.d) Sumol - I know it's not an exclusive of theirs, but shots of Sumol should be poured while enjoying their chicken.  It's citrusy, it's effervescent, it's cheap(ish), won't give you a weird buzz like Guarana, and it's not coyingly sweet like those godawful American sodas.  Just do it.e) Pasteis de nata - the quintessential Portuguese custard/egg tarts.  There's a reason why they are ALWAYS sold out by 7p.  It's soft, it's crispy, it's savory, it's better than 90% of the tart practitioners in North America (and I should know - I hit the joints in Newark often).  Just buy some, and then try the other places in Montreal (a certain stall in Marche Jean-Talon comes close, just like some of the Chinatown bakeries on Rue De La Gauchetiere, but it's just not quite the same).  You'll see WHY it's better.  Value - $9.50 for a half-chicken meal, served with fries and tasty fresh salad.  Piri piri sauce optional (but highly recommended), or just fine by itself.  I dunno, the last time I ate at a Yelp 4+ stars rated place in MTL I had to fish out at least a Borden (AKA the Canadan Benjamin).  Here I whip out three Macs and got me some loonies and a toonie, that's good for me and the lady, plus we got leftovers good for breakfast the next day.  How about that.  If that's not value for the Canadian dollar, I don't know what is.  So yeah.  If you are in Montreal and just so happens to be in the Plateau, GO.  Pick up a Turkish coffee from Cafe Replika nearby, savor the evening, admire the street murals and await your turn with chicken goodness.
This review is for the chicken (I'm a big protein fan). I wish this was in NYC. The chicken was moist, perfect spices, and the hot sauce had a good amount of heat. If you want more heat, ask for more sauce. Surprisingly, the side salad that came with it was perfect to cool off the heat from the hot sauce on the chicken. Fries were good, but I can't say I remember too much about it. Service is fast and the place really seems more for take-out or eat and run. Use your fingers when eating this chicken and eat everything off the bone. I didn't try the pastries, but maybe next time when I return to Montreal. Simple (protein) food, decent price.. I can't find anything wrong with that.
First meal in Montreal was a success!  Ordered a whole chicken and poutine, which was way more than enough for 2 people.  The chicken was very flavorful and moist.  The poutine was similarly delicious. My first poutine so I can't compare to traditional versions (this had chicken, fries, gravy and cheese - what's not to like?).  Loved everything about this meal!
Stopped by Romados to get some take out lunch. I heard about this place through Anthony Bourdains show "The Layover". Usually most of my experience of finding places to eat through TV shows have been pretty good. Sadly this one wasn't one of the good experiences. The portion was great and the price was reasonable but the quality of food wasn't anything special. It was just plain old chicken and rice with fries and salad on the side. I was expecting something great but I guess my expectations were too high! Overall it was an ok experience, it's not like the food was bad or anything. Check this place out if you want a reasonably priced chicken place!
Yay finally got to try Romados.. Really loved it.. Simple portugese chicken per quantity or in a sandwich. Nice big servings. Excellent crispy french fries. And a real feeling of experience and systematic quality to the place. I really loved the food. Simple, but nice and clean. I wouldn't cross down for it, but have found a favorite chicken place in the plateau.
Had the half chicken combo and it was pretty good. The chicken was flavorful with many herbs but slightly dry.  They pour a sauce over the chicken which was quite good and it came with a huge amount of fries. However, the bread they gave was stale, a real crime in this city!A good meal, though I wouldn't go out of my way next time.Nice staff who were very nice and accommodating.  I gave an additional star because of them!  Also, though the website states that they accept credit cards, they actually do not - only debit cards and cash.
The chicken is so juicy and moist.  Amazing.  Was not disappointed even after reading the reviews. Also, the fries were perfectly crispy and even more perfect with the chicken jus.
I was in vacation in Montreal, stayed at the Plateau area. There's a lot of restaurants in this location, so I tried Yeld that indicated Romados. They have a great chicken breast, pretty wet! Awesome french fries! Good cost! I definitely recommend it!
Went there yesterday hoping to get a tasty meal on an empty stomach. Sunday night around 6pm. I waited in line 20 mins, and a third of the line had passed. I still had 2/3rds in front of me, so I left, I couldn't wait another 40. I wish I could speak for the chicken, but it looks like not. Looks like they need to rethink operations.
used to live in MTL and this was a staple of the city... A fire closed their doors for a while and they took the opportunity to give it a facelift. Chicken is second to none. Order for pickup to avoid crazy lineups mid day.
Amazing chicken! Their spices and sauce are simply addicting! The fries are delicious as well. The chicken is very oily, which gives it the great taste so I don't suggest eating it on a daily basis, but for a spur of a moment meal; fantastic!
HM not quite sure if i went on a bad day..but my chicken was SOOOOOO salty and therefore the poutine i ordered was salty as well because they put the same chicken on top. I couldnt finish it. The only thing i would give 5 stars to is their egg custard pies..they were DELICIOUS! i went back later that day just for another.
I'm dying after eating the half-chicken combo with fries, but it was definitely worth it. See you at the other side.
Would give them 1 star but that's not fair as I'm obviously in a hole in the wall joint and shouldn't expect a gourmet meal... So this review is solely based on the fries and service. I ordered a small fry to go and noticed they scooped the fries out of a metal bowl that wasn't even being heated.. The fries were dry and barely warm. I requested gravy but they said they didn't offer it except for with poutine?!?!  But I don't really eat dairy so I just wanted gravy and would pay extra.. Nope they refused to sell me gravy. I only had a few bites as the fries were dry and then when I got home (TMI sorry) I rushed to the bathroom. I guess my system rejected this crap.PS- no A/C during 33 degree weather.My tip to you: Go here when it's busy and make sure there's a bathroom nearby.
Chicken was too salty.  Ask for the hot sace.  Though it's oily,  really helps mediate the saltiness of the seasoning.  The combo comes with a small salad, fries (too much), and bread roll.  If you come you must try their Portuguese tarts.  Limited seating. If you can't find any, walk down the street to a public park with benches and enjoy there.
Chicken is great... Charcoal taste without being burnt or dry. Fries are delicious: great colour, great texture and seasoned with steak spice. Line is long, but moves pretty fast. Even faster if you call ahead. Service is efficient and friendly. Negative points: The spicy sauce is more of an oil than a sauce. Bifana is also too oily.
Swiss Chalet, step aside.  Kenny Rogers chicken, step aside. This is the best rotisserie chicken you'll have in your life, and paired with the seasoned french fries, this place earns it's consistently high rating. A combo consisting of 1/2 chicken, salad and fries with spicy BBQ sauce (for only $10, extremely reasonable for the quality) is enough to feed two very hungry people. It's cost effective, it's delicious, it's Rotisserie Romados! :)P.S. Don't forget to pick up a Portugal custard tarts in the neighborhood! It's as authentic as it can get in Montreal!
I never thought I would compliment a 'fast food' joint's chicken this way - juici-cious, tender, flavorful with a mesmerizing chili sauce to die for. This is the place to go for Portuguese chicken in Montreal.The place has gotten quite the following, the never ending line that goes straight out the door right up to closing time is evidence enough. Their chicken entrees, comes in all sizes in multiple of 1/4 with tasty crunchy fries and salad, comes out to be under $10 or an entire chicken for sharing between four people for $24, what a steal. The chicken itself is extremely tender, every string of meat down to the last of breast tastes juicy, no evidence of dryness at all. The sauce was delicious, it reminds me a little of the flavor from China's smelly tofu, slightly spicy and full of flavor. The accompanying portion of fries has an rustic and chewy flavor, resembling the richness of the skin of potato wedges. We inhaled the meal in under a few minutes. If you are at or around Mont Royal, do stop by and grab a meal from this famed place.
4.5 stars. They do three things (mostly): chicken, frites, and salad. I think there's also sausage. But they do really good chicken and frites. Salad was mostly onions. We got 1/2 a chicken, fries and salad for 2, plus 2 desserts and a drink for $35. Super quick, not a lot of places to sit down. More to go style. Big bakery case with lots of goodies that are indeed tasty. One of our best meals in Montréal,  especially after we've had so many more expensive misses.
Their poutine au poulet was delicious; freshly made, crispy, well seasoned fries,  tasty gravy,  cheese,  and great chicken, all in abundance for $10.
Dropped by here during a lunch a few weeks back.Let's be honest. The chicken in this place is probably the best you'll probably get in Montreal. It's tender, juicy and flavorful and comes with side orders that are equally impressive.I need to visit this place someday soon with friends and experience it all again.The price tag? Completely reasonable and in fact, another attraction to come eat at this fine establishment.The service is about as solid as it gets.If you have never eaten at Romados... why are you depriving yourself such an experience?
the chicken is tres tres bien. Especially the sauce. Definitely will be there again!
Amazing chicken for the price your paying ... Always a line up in there so you cannot be in a hurry when going there
WOWZA! Who would've thunk it that there were so many awesome ways to flip a chicken over a fire!I love Huli Huli (Hawaii), Peri Peri (Peru), Rotisserie Tandoori and just plain old BBQ Rotisserie! Now I can add Portuguese chicken to my list. Carnivores, Romados is a must eat when you are here in Montreal!Like most great foods Romandos is located in a skech neighborhood (I was later informed that it is in fact a sought after neighborhood to live in so my bad! ) about .2mi away on a side street off of the post St. Denis but man it was worth the risk! As soon as you veer off of the main drag you can smell the chicken! Just follow your beak (no pun) and it will lead you to the spot.The place looks fresh and remodeled. Judging by the setup, they are prepared for insane lines. Luckily for me there was no line at 8pm and I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. I got a 1/2 chicken and some unnamed desserts; one tart and another thing that looked like an ice cream come. Dude the chicken smell filled up my car and turned me into one of those eating and driving people that we all hate. The chicken was awesome! No need for sauce, ketchup or any other dressings. It was nice and juicy and even glazed the fries with some of its awesome. The salad was a bust as the chicken was hot off the fire and caused the greens to wilt before I could eat it. Keep the greens and give me more chicken!One last note: Cute Portuguese girls that speak French: Mind Blowing!!
Good a bit over hyped but solid chicken nirvana.  Wish they provided more salad rather than cover everything in French fries. Not sure why a dinner roll goes with the meal too many carbs. My total with a vitamin water and $5 of their magic spices with half a chicken was $21 or around $15 without the spices.
I firmly believe that this would be a top chicken experience for anyone who tries it. Fries are excellent. Chorizo is good not great. Custard pastry was top notch as well. Get there early, order a chicken and enjoy. Definitely roll.
The best chicken that I ate in a very long time. The juicy meat and the spicy sauce with the salty fresh fries are just delicious!
Worth the hype is right... I think this was my highlight of eating in Montreal.  The sauce on the chicken is some kind of flavour explosion.  The portions are huge the atmosphere of get in-get your food- get out is really fun (seriously it's like you're on an episode of seinfeld but the staff are SOOO warm and friendly!!).  There is NO OTHER CHICKEN like this in THE WORLD! YUM! GO!
Simply one of the best rotisserie chicken in Montreal. Being Portuguese this says a lot. When I lived in Montreal I loved coming here. It has an authentic atmosphere and no frills attitude. Get your chicken, eat here or get out. Done. Its one of the places I miss the most.
Fantastic Portuguese chicken. I have had it from many different places, but this one is different and amazing. I love the fact that the potatoes are french fries. Hot sauce is delicious. This is definitely my go-to rotisserie place when I am in Montreal. Recommend 100%.
Romados has started doing delivery service and it's not amazing.  I love their food (I wish I could love their sauce, but it has gluten in it) but Romados is really awful if it isn't fresh. My fries came cold with a lukewarm chicken carcass.  Dry and inedible.  Maybe you should stick to in-store or figure out your takeout containers!
A cold snowy night in Montreal and the most important question pops up....what do we eat?! My friend suggested we take out from Romados so we did. I will admit, I wasn't too excited for just chicken, but omg it was so worth it. We split a meal of a whole chicken, fries and salad. The salad was huge and I swear the fries were never ending and they were REALLY good fries too! The chicken was moist and spicy and so delicious, I now dream of it.
very good place for roast chicken,  half chicken combo is enough for two person. The price is also very good. I will try their other food next time.
My boyfriend and were visiting Montreal for a week when we came across Romados.  Their chicken was so unbelievably good that we had to come back three or four times over the course of our vacation.  It's rotisserie style with perfectly crisped skin and delicious sauces.  It's also very reasonably priced.  I would highly recommend this too anyone who appreciates chicken (we both agree it is the best chicken we've ever had)
okay so, again guilty as charged for only finding out this place from The Layover, but I did do some research and was able to get a TeamBuy coupon for this place.The place is on the corner of a building. I think you just have to listen to your nose and also look for the line of ppl that are going inside. Sometimes there is also a line out the door!This place is pretty much the staple of every Montreal visit including Schwartz Deli. So what you order is the Roast Chicken with fries, extra extra hot sauce, egg tart for dessert & your soda of choice to wash it down. The  chicken is delicious, perfect, moist and all types of description for amazing Portuguese chicken! Dont get me started on the price, for what you get its a great frickin deal! I would probably eat here once a day if I could!LIke what Ryan T said, "Just writing this review makes my mouth water and brings back fond memories of my trip to Montreal." and this is soo true!Trust me on this, Romados is a MUST hit up spot when your in Montreal. Do not leave MTL without trying it!.
This place has the best Portuguese chicken in town! You just wait in line and order a quarter, half, or whole chicken (do get it spicy!), plus salad and fries on the side. At the cashier, you pick up bread and order dessert from their glass counter filled with delectable treats, and sit at one of the bars-tooled tables and dig in. The chicken is crispy, well seasoned, and cooked to perfection. The fries are fresh, sweet, and crunchy; you can dip them in the chicken's spicy sauce. And the salad dressing is just perfect!
My well anticipated visit to Romados! Having heard so much of this rotisserie, I arrived with high expectations.We each ordered the 1/4 chicken meal, which comes with a side salad and a mountain of fries. Gosh. If you are craving fries, these will have you satisfied for weeks to come. Apparently you can ask for rice too (50/50), which I regret not doing because the meal gets quite dulling with only fries.OK, now about the actual food. It was good, but not enough to leave me breathless. Now I gotta say, the chicken was well cooked and very savoury. The side salad stole the show for me. Fresh, crunchy, aromatic. I need their salad dressing. It balances the dryness of the rest of the lunch. Fries were slightly cold and not crispy enough, yet the spices generously coated on the fries still leave you wanting more. Tip for those who still haven't visited Romados yet... Get yourself something to drink !! or bring a bottle of water with you. The amount of salt you ingest is crazy!VERDICT: I liked their food, everything was very flavourful, but sometimes a little bit overwhelming (saltiness). Price is very reasonable considering the abundance of food served. 1/4 chicken is definitively more than enough for lunch. Location is not optimal and it's a hassle to find a place to sit. Good idea as takeout to go for picnic. I will return if ever I am by the neighbourhood, I am intrigued to try their poutine!
Montreals classic spot for Portuguese chicken.  Great food, wonderful service.  Avoid the rush times (noon on weekends or from 6-8pm to avoid the line ups)... but it is worth the wait for good quality/price meal.
I just don't understand what's so special about this place. The food was extremely greasy and the chicken wasn't anything special.Maybe I'm being a little harsh because the place was extremely overhyped. Not a good location to sit down and eat.
I've been hearing about this spot for a while now.Finally decided to go and try it. We couldn't really find parking so we took our order to go. The place was pack no where to sit, and the line up was bit long. All good signs for me!I wanted a chicken sandwich, but unfortunately  they didn't have any sandwiches left.  We opted for a chicken poutine and a side order of fries.Chicken poutine : Huge portion! Alot of cheese Lord knows I love me some cheese!!!!They could have added more chicken, but I'm not complaining. My friend really enjoyed it , thought it was one of the best he ever had. Personally I tried it and didn't really like it. In my defense I'm not a  big poutine fan. Fries : Well i cant really describe them  much. Plain ol french fries. Our total was 14$ Overall this place was worth going to. I will be going back, in hopes to finally try their sandwiches.  The service was fast and the cooks were super nice. Price wise very cheap, it wont make you go broke.Romados you got a fan!
Perhaps this was highly reviewed for the amount of food you get for your dollar.  If I lived by here I'd probably eat here quite a bit, but overall, we were not impressed.  Chicken was fairly dry.Perhaps we came at a bad time, check it out if you're in the area and are looking for a cheap filling meal.
MUST try. Famous Portuguese chicken spot. The chicken was amazing. Some of the best I've had. The fries were seasoned with salt and pepper and were really good. The dressing on the salad was also really good. 2 1/4 leg dinners with water and 2 buns for $20. Very affordable. Their natage must be very popular because they sold out.
We found this place through Yelp.  It is out of the way but not too hard to find.Chicken was like crack! (YAAAAS)Fries (YAAAAS)Half chicken with a ton and a half of fries with side salad for under $10! The only down side to this place is that it isn't a sit down place. Only had 6 small tables on the side with such a small place. Fast service ad good price for the amount food. Would Recommend!
So glad we decided to try this place while we were in Montreal! Delicious, cheap, friendly and with a unique cool Portuguese vibe. Best neighborhood chicken spot ever? Quite possibly! Portuguese passion fruit soda went really well with the food!
This chicken must of had voodoo performed on it because nothing can be this delicious. I went with half a chicken and it still wasn't enough. I'm officially on the quest to find chicken that can top this but I think I'm just being delusional.
What can I say, Romados Romados. You're a tasty lover ;) You're not coming to Romados for the ambience. In fact, I've never actually eaten at Romados. Sometimes the lineups are very long. The wait is worth it though because the BBQ chicken is that good, hands down. Big portion, little price. Fries are nicely seasoned but VERY greasy. Romados is best with a side of Netflix or the park when the weather is nice! Outside of that: great meal, great value, and great BBQ chicken. Once the fries get cold you should throw them out because they won't be edible anymore. You'll know when you're in a Romados kinda mood.
My new favorite fastfood joint.I dropped by here with a friend that wanted some good poutine and decided to trust the yelp reviews.I was BLOWN AWAY. 9$ for that huge ass delicious poutine?! Dear god. That was the best chicken I have ever tasted in my life. It was cooked to perfection and the fries were also incredibly good. The gravy seemed spicy but not nearly enough to create discomfort. (to yelpers reading this, I normally can't take spicy.)My friend couldn't even finish her poutine and I was filled for the whole day (rare feat for a 215lbs 6'2 guys).ABSOLUTE.MUST.TRY. They don't have much selection food-wise though but the taste and price make it up by far. Incredible selection of Portuguese drinks and well-priced deserts as well.The only bad thing is that there is no place to sit.  The tables and chairs are practically all squeezed in and it is kind of uncomfortable especially if you're taller.GO HERE.Edit: Still freaking out at how good the damn chicken is. If I wouldn't be 400lbs by the end of the month, I'd eat here everyday. P.S. Everything else on the menu is also well worth it like the half-chicken.
Good food + generous portion = Woohoo! As good as it gets!It was freezing & we were starving! We stopped by this place because we saw this place was crowded. We thought, this place has to be good & YES! THIS PLACE IS GOOD! We got the poutine with shredded chicken & the half a chicken. The poutine is definitely different than most of the poutines that we've tried. Poutine mixed with shredded chicken is definitely a great idea. It was definitely a great combination. The chicken itself is flavorful, delicious! The half a chicken with fries & salad is about $7.40 & the poutine is $9. We spent about $21 with a drink. It was definitely worth it.Great value! Friendly staff!Highly recommended!
A fairly long line up when we walked-in but people were willing to wait; and that says something about the food. There is an option to call 30min ahead and you can pick it up when you're there to avoid the line up (which I will be doing next time). When my friend and I got our food, there were limited seating but we found one anyway! The food was delicious! The spices were on point, fries were good, the chicken was awesome! I recommend this place!
It is horrid trying to get through traffic in Montreal just to get to Romados, but it was worth the frustration when we finally got our food. Rue Rachel was closed down and St Laurent was packed but we finally found a parking spot and made our way to Romados.The place is pretty small and there was  a LONG line. The line on the left is for people who haven't phoned in an order and the line on the right was for people who had ordered by phone and is coming by for pickup. In my honest opinion, both lines seemed to be going at the same pace. There are also sodas on the side - I recommend the pineapple soda.We ordered the $20 family meal which can easily feed a family of 3-4. A whole chicken chopped up, drenched in sauce, a HUGE bag of poutines, and a box of salad. ALL FOR $20. It is a cheap meal and fed my family of 4 pretty well.The chicken is moist and the sauce goes really well with it. The poutines are AWESOME and are well salt and peppered. The salad has a vinagarette sauce which makes you less guilty for eating something that is so greasy. Overall, a really good meal that is flavorful. There is limited seating and the place gets pretty packed. Most people were taking their food to go.The servers were super friendly. Then again, most of the people that I've met in Montreal are super friendly. Bottom Line: Traveling around Montreal? This is definitely a hole in the wall to try out!
Good and affordable fast food.
It's a fast food place. Almost feeling like a cafeteria. Friends and I came in for dinner and the line was pretty long, so you know, it's good. If you don't get chicken here, you shouldn't have gone here in the first place!Anyway, I split with a friend half a chicken combo with fries. Warning, they DUMP tons of fries on top of the chicken/salad. The chicken was juicy and the sauce is really nice and a kick to it. The fries are really good. It's the way I like it, lots of pepper. The lady at the cashier offered bread, and i said yes. This is a lot of carbs and it's gonna be a pretty heavy meal.I really wish that they had egg tarts at the time. But they an array of desserts next to the cashier. There are some seats and tables along the window. If you're with a big group, it would be better if you went to a park to eat and have an impromptu picnic.
I came to Romados quite a few times, always leaving satisfied. The chicken meals are packed with flavours. The spicy sauce, the salad dressing, the fries seasoning, everything is perfectly done. However, the chicken itself is a bit too dry for my liking. And the dining room is too small for the number of diners.
I treat this place like a cheap guilty pleasure - and there's nothing wrong with that! Moist chicken dripping with spicy oil, buried in about 2 days' worth of puffy, seasoning-coated fries. As long as you're ok with a 20+ minute lineup, it's amazing - be sure to ask for extra sauce!
Don't let the line up scare you, it moves quicker than it looks. This is hands down the best chicken you'll find in Montreal. The poutine is great, and boy I'm glad they now do delivery. The staff are nice which is surprising considering the volume they deal with. NOTE: Have your order ready by the time you arrive to the front, otherwise the crowd of people behind you might string you up by your toes. It doesn't matter what you order on the menu, you'll love it.
The chicken is great and juicy and the sauce is tasty -but greasy-. Best portuguese chicken I've tasted in Montreal. The fries used to be amazing before they renovated but now they are just ok. I think they started skimping on the spices with the fries and sadly their fries were better than their chicken for comfort food, imho.Plain salad and rice. The sandwiches are just the chicken in a bun. Nothing fancy.The pastries and bread aren't worth it, to be honest.TIP:The seating is limited and is that of a Deli. If you aren't planing on eating in, I recommend ordering ahead of time via phone. You do NOT want to be stuck in one of the busy long line on a weekend. You have your own much shorter line if you order by phone.
Wow, I just popped in here to take a look, and found these Portuguese egg tarts which I haven't had since my trip to Lisbon.  They are great, in Lisbon I was eating 2 or 3 of them a day, I liked them so much!So at this wonderful bakery on Rachel Street I bought two of these lovely Pasteis de nata and ate them for a treat.  They were delicious!  A taste just like I remembered from Portugal!  Obrigado!
Of all rotisories tasted so far, definitely the best! Take out gives you extremely generous portion of fries/salad to enjoy while taking in the comforts one of the nearby parks or even the mountain ;). Oh! Don't forget to get a few natas for dessert (traditional Portuguese sweet egg tarts) enjoy!
Don't go in here expecting a dining experience. It's pretty much a fast food counter that delivers. Not the fastest as there are tons of tourists that don't know what they are getting, but the line moves. Do yourself a favor and call in your order before hand to save time. The food is excellent! For $11 bucks total, you can have half a chicken and a ton of fries(you can opt out from the salad and get more fries). Everything is seasoned really well and you have wonderful flavor in each bite! The food will definitely hit the spot if you come in hungry. For global customers, this would be one tier higher than Nando's in taste!
It's just plain chicken with a pile of French fries - flavorless .  No chimicurri sauces.  Bland no paazing.  Yawn.  Guess it's considered cheap though for Montreal.
Absolutely delicious! So tasty! The chicken and the fries are to die for. Very heavy and kind of hard to digest though.
Quarter leg meal with one of those guarana antarctica sodas.  why order anything else anywhere else?  Bring it to the park (cross Rachel and go down Bouillon for a minute), and clean up after yourself!  If you're worried it's going to be busy, call ahead and pick it up from the right side of the window where you usuall place your order.
Awesome place to get a heaping pile of greasy, delicious chicken and fries. As American tourists, we found the menu (which is mostly pictures) very confusing, but in the end it didn't matter. Go up to the counter and ask for half a chicken. They'll put it in a box with a huge helping of fries and a salad. Throw in a drink for around 14$ Canadian.Once you sit down to eat, you'll have to excavate your chicken from under the fries and it'll be an oh-so-delicious process. The chicken juices and BBQ mingle with the fries and make everything taste that much more delicious.PRO TIP: The first night we went, the place was super crowded and we tried to eat standing up. A helpful local suggested that we take our dinners a block (north)east on Rue Rachel to a neighborhood bar. The bar was next to a bike shop and had absolutely no sign on it, but was a fantastically chill place with a sort of 60's vibe to the decor. Perfect spot to enjoy some beer with our chicken and fries.
good roasted chicken!!
Great prices, so make sure to go early to beat the lunch / dinner crowd.Dark meat was good, but the white meat was slightly too dry.So-so rice. Get some other side.Not so good Pastel de Nata. Made off site and was delivered very slowly. It was also too sweet.Still To try:  piri piri chicken, Chouriço, fries, less time sensitive pastries
Oh my god, Romados, you are so damn good. How I have missed you. Went on a Friday night after a little tennis session and the place, as usual, had a line out the door. Lucky for my friend and I, we were smart and remembered my tip #2 from my last review. In case you didn't see/read it, it's call ahead of time. Why? 'Cause then you get to skip to my lou to the line to the right and are out the door in 10 minutes instead of waiting for an hour in longing/hatred of the people skipping the line. We took our orders of 1/2 spicy chicken and fries deliciousness to Jeanne Mance park as the weather was gorgeous and proceeded to chow down. It was heaven - chicken moist and tender as usual and so, so many fries. Almost endless. It always makes me chuckle how they give you a "side" portion of salad...yeah right, if you want vegetables, you are in the wrong place bubba.Anyways, for $9.75, you cannot go wrong. Still one of my favourite places in Montreal.
THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST POUTINE I ever had!! Not to mention THE BEST CHICKEN ever!! And the combination of the 2 is like a pair made in heaven. I love love coming to this place. The only issue I have is that I sometimes have trouble finding a table, even though I don't usually come at peak hours. But no worries, there are counters you can eat and stand at, which is fine by me. So worth it!!!
Such an important institution in the Montreal good eats scene, the December 2012 fire generated waves of "Oh my god NO!" amongst its disciples! Fortunately its back....with a vengeance (before it was Romados 2: Romados harder)My first foray here was in 2005, I just moved to the hood and was getting to know the area better. Walking along Rachel, there was that unmistakable smell, that scent of grilled portuguese chicken. (Note line ups here are not just insane, they are UNSANE! Best to order for pick-up ahead of time)Back then there was this tiny adorable Portuguese lady who took your order from the window (a really really tiny window before they renovated). From personal experience and observation, this lady would flirt with every man, young or old. I would order in my bad portugeshe - "Peito du frangu avec fritash et salada" to which she would respond with an impressed "bravu". There were times when i would just order only the chicken, she would ask in a disappointed tone "pas da fritash?, but when no one was looking, would sneak in some fries for me!!!!!She doesn't work there anymore, but the quality of this place is everlast. I do however miss the soccer club scarfs that adorned the walls. Now I am unsure if I should be pro Benfica or Porto or Sporting Lisbon when i enter this place!
So I wander into this Portuguese chicken joint (after some Yelping) for a late breakfast and stand in line as I watch the chickens on the rotisserie.  I see the big takeout containers and I'm hungry so I order the 1/2 chicken combo for a whopping ~$10 - which comes with a boatload of fries, rice and salad and spicy sauce on the chicken.  For some reason, they also threw in a dessert tart and a dinner roll at the cashier station - I must have nodded at some prompt when I wasn't really paying attention.  (I do that often...)  I think I paid a total of $13 with a pop.With my chicken box in hand - I realized my first error.  This tiny space had no more 'real' seats with tablespace.  So I walk over to the little mini-bench, give PersianDude a nod, he shuffles over and I squat down beside him and we both each chicken off our laps.  For some reason, this somehow enhanced the experience.  Don't know why.First off - the amount of food you get is huge.  Take a look at my pictures.  The fries are damned good and are completely mounded on top of the chicken.  It took a good 5 - 10 minutes of eating and maneuvering before I got to the chicken.  The chicken is delicious and moist - wished the sauce was spicier but this was damned good roasted chicken.  Seriously - I should have probably stopped eating about 1/3 the way through because I was just full of fries and chicken grease.  This is coming from a fat bastard.But I watched PersianDude demolish his chickenbox and I didn't want to spend the rest of my day carrying a box of chicken with me.  So I willed my way through the chicken - it was good but if I was to cry, chicken grease would have came out of my eyes.  After about 40 minutes of focused eating, I polished my box off.  I threw the dinner roll which had a density of a hockey puck away and wrapped up my dessert tart.I didn't know it at the time - but this chicken box at 11AM was the last thing I would eat for 24 hours.  Fast forward to 10AM the next morning and waking up hungry from a night of drinking, I rediscover the dessert tart on my nightstand.  Wow - Romados - you know me better than I know myself.
The chicken is perfect. The fries delicious. The side salad even hit the right spot ;)
Two visits in one trip pretty much sums up how much I enjoyed Romados. The thing I love about this is the chicken first of all and you get a complete meal for a very reasonable price. Let's start with the chicken. The chicken is marinated in their special blend of Portuguese goodness. It's then butterflied onto their rotisserie racks which is cooked slowly over a open flame. While the racks turn, the fat renders from the chicken and juices from the chicken drips onto the neighboring racks causing each chicken to base it it's own juice. This process keeps the chicken from staying moist and tender. To order the process is quite simple. You can either order the chicken by itself or combo meal which come with fries, rice, small salad, and roll. The chicken comes in the following sizes, from 1/4, 1/2, to full, and spicy or not. If you order 1/4 chicken, you can either request leg or breast. The fries are enough for 2 to 4 skinny people or 2 fat people. In other words, they give you a lot of fries. The fries are piled on the whole plate covering everything so you have to dig through the fries to get to the chicken. The rice is not so great. It doesn't have much flavor and pretty dry for my taste. The side salad is pretty much that, a side salad topped with their dressing.In addition to having great chicken they also have a variety of baked goods. I do not know the name of these wonderful delights, but the egg custard thing was awesome. It reminded me of the the Chinese version that I see at dim sum and Asian bakeries. I also had their chocolate eclairs. I'm guessing it's more of a french thing than Portuguese, however the eclairs were delicious. Each eclair cost 1 Canadian dollar. Normally you find eclairs for 3x as much and much smaller. Seating is very limited, but from my experience, it seems like most people order their food to go.
I ordered from Ramados through Just Eat. When my order was half an hour late, I called the restaurant to ask about it. The woman who answered the phone was incredibly dismissive. I was actually taken aback at how rude she was. When I asked her if she knew how much longer it would be she said she had no way of knowing and hung up on me. I finally got my food and in fact, the chicken is good but my salad arrived soggy. I'm just shocked at how outrageously bad their customer service is.
Incredible! Chicken is fantastic. So tasty! Their chicken poutine is absolutely fantastic. Deserts are great too.  Custard pies are excellent. Prices are incredibly reasonable. Everyone should try this place
Pretty much the best Portuguese chicken on the Plateau. Not much else to say.
Update - I returned after 5 years. It's still the same deal: plenty of fries, chicken, and a homeopathic dose of salad. But that's OK. You're not going there if you're vegetarian or on diet.
some of the better rotisserie chicken that i've had. didn't really know portugese chicken was a thing in montreal. glad someone told us. $9 for a 1/4 chicken and giant pile of fries + salad. one of the better meals we had on the entire trip.
My wife and I treked to Romados and I was in sad that they didn't offer sandwiches on the weekend and I was about to leave, but I regressed and got back into the 10 minute line for the chicken plate. My wife said, "You have to at least try this place" So I ordered the chicken breast plate with only salad. He looked at me kind of weird that I didn't want a pound of fries and 600 calories of rice with it.The chicken was roillng on about 12 sckewers over coal in the background. The chicken was juicy and the salad was wonderful with the dressing they put on top.They had huge bottles of water for $1, which was awesome. We were happy!Everyone there was super happy, they were eating 3,000 calories of food, no problem, so I am guessing all the walking in Montreal keeps these people fit.Overall, a great place, but I really would have liked to try the sandwich.I am glad my wife made me stay and try their classic food instead of moving on.
Easily one of the best cheap meals involving chicken I've ever eaten. There are two lines, one for order and the other was for pre-order. I had to use Google translate to figure that out. My gf and I got there around 7PM and the line up was long but moved steadily, took about 15 minutes to reach the front with around 8 people ahead of us.Ordered the half chicken(spicy) with fries and salad for $9.75. Got to the hotel and opened up the container and was in shock at how much fries there were. The chicken was moist and flavourful and the fries were a bit soggy but pretty good over all. The hot sauce was not spicy but had a nice taste to it.Overall we were very pleased with the meal and would definitely go there again when we get a chance.
Recipe for a perfect summer picnic:Line up at Romados for a combo per hungry person. You will get a huge heap of chicken, hot off the charcoal grill (my "cuisse" combo had at least 2 thighs in it), peppery golden fries, salad, and a roll for about $8. Say yes to the hot sauce. Grab an interesting-looking drink from the cooler and lots of extra napkins, then walk over to Park Lafontaine, sit by the pond and gobble it all up. Even after eating your fill, you will probably have enough leftovers to make yourself a sandwich using the yummy bun.Catch a show at Théâtre de Verdure in the evening as the sun goes down. Walk back to the métro in the twilight, eating your sandwich as you go.I hear there are great desserts at Romados, too, but I honestly don't know how anybody could eat dessert after that big dinner. Maybe a separate trip?
One if the most fun stops in our trip to Montreal. This place was a true local experience. Located in the Rachel St. Laurent area, we were trying to decide which Portuguese BBQ place for dinner and we're really glad we decided on this! Unbelievably seasoned rotisserie chicken with piles of amazing fries dumped on top, and a delicious but simple salad on the side. All for about $12 each, and the two of us probably could have split one order. The place was packed and deservedly so. Seating is limited as a warning. But what a nice way to warm up on a cold night than feasting in savory chicken and hot fries.
Best chicken in town! So juicy & tasty.. its fun to go in the summer so you can pick up & go to the park scross the street and hsve a mini piknik , its awesome , its very cheap snd they really spoil you with the french fries.
The chicken is sooooo tasty!  Place is crowded, loud, and hot to eat-in during the summer, but it is DEFINITELY worth it. Line was long, but moved quickly. Order the spicy sauce for a real kick. Meal comes with fries, salad, and dinner roll (we opted for more fries over rice).  Chicken falls off the bone and is quite tasty. Very greasy, but hits the spot. And super cheap considering it's so much food!
I shared the 1/2 chicken and fries + salad with my husband for lunch and it was plenty of food. Humongous pile of delicious food for just $10. You won't find anything this cheap and tasty around here. Highly recommended!
Stopped by here for lunch during our Montreal trip. It wasn't too busy on a Tuesday afternoon thankfully so we got our food quickly and found some open seats. Their seating is limited but there is a park nearby so that wouldn't have been a bad idea to take it to go and eat there. We got the half chicken which came with so much fries. The chicken was seasoned so well and the sauce is very good. I thought the half chicken was more than enough to share between two people.
Easily one of my favourite places in Montreal, I find myself coming back here again and again even though I live on the other side of the city. No nonsense, just walk up to the counter, place your order, and walk away with a cut of juicy, flavourful chicken straight off the grill, splashed with piri-piri sauce (they'll always ask if you want it, but the answer should be obvious) and buried under a mountain of deliciously spiced french fries. All for about 10 dollars. What more could you need?Sure enough, it gets very crowded here, with lines often reaching all the way to the door. It always moves quickly, but then there might not be anywhere to sit down!
Love this place! Not much to add except that until my last visit last week, I had tolerated the fries as a simple accompaniment to the star (the chicken with amazing spicy sauce!), BUT on my last visit, I decided to stray from ordering the usual $9.75 plate of half-chicken/fries/salad. I ordered a full chicken and the fries for 2 people. This time they put the fries separately, in a bag, and this allowed them to be way less soggy. I was able to appreciate their seasoning for the first time this way. Anyway, no matter what, it's a win-win going here! And pick up some sweets from their bakery section while you're there, some natas or the cookies and cream type dessert (called something like Cream from Heaven). Yum!!
Chicken was amazing. Barely had any fries because they were all eaten by my friends when I finally had a chance to grab a plate. The Natas (sp?) are to die for!!
Best Chicken in Town! Smoked over charcoal with an either Spicy or mild sauce, Awesome fries spiced just right, nice little salad with a great little dressing! Add to that some breads, desserts or beverages and you have yourself one heck of a tasty meal! I recommend calling in advance for pickup to save the line up! No joke, if you plan on going on weekends be prepared to line up (there's a reason they are pretty long, its totally worth it!).Bon Apetit!
No visit to Montreal is without a trip to Romados. The line ups are long but definitely worth the wait. Chicken is to die for.... This place has to have the best tasting Portuguese chicken I ever had. Fries are golden and tasty and comes with a Portugese style roll. Drown it down with a sumol and you're good to go.Tip: they have two lines "avec commande" (with order) and "sans commande" (without order) the avec commande line is for folks who has called in for a order and is generally a bit faster. Sans commande line is for folks who did not call in and usually has the longest line ups.
Hi everyone ! Here goes my  first review... I am a big foodie and my craving for spicy Indian style grilled chicken brought me to Ramados ( after extensive search online - Portuguese chicken). I ordered a half grilled chicken (spicy) for a take away. I was really surprised to see the large portion of fries with the three large pieces of chicken. The meat was falling off the bone and had all the flavors. The fries and the salad soaked in those flavors gave an added taste. Really tasty and absolutely delicious. Reasonable pricing.Though I would prefer more spice in the chicken but I have no complaints. I loved the food. I would surely visit them again.
I wish I could give this place more stars. A crowded and small resto, a bit chaotic if you're trying to place an order... The staff is all about business and will put you in your place if you try and cut the line... but the chicken!!! HOLY CHICKEN-NES!!! and the fries!!!! Every bite was better than the last one. It took all my might not to finish my half chicken plate (I stopped myself solely because I wanted to have it for lunch the following day as well).. A MUST TRY!!
Horrible chichen sandwich full of bones and the spicy sauce and fries are loaded with salt. I'm not going back anymore. This place is not as good as it used to be. Desert was undercooked such a big disappointment
Great good and excellent service for the price. Yumm yumm. Always a huge line for dinner!
Some call chicken "the tuna of the turf." I don't, and I tend to avoid those people at social events. They have names for everything and it gets annoying. Where's the boy's room? "The Throne Zone" is upstairs. "The Piss Palace" is down the hall. Ugh, shut up.That said, I call Rotisserie Romados "the purveyor of the single greatest roasted chicken dinner I have ever had in my entire life, based on my level of hunger, state of sobriety and availability of Five Alive juice drink."From the millisecond we stepped through the front door, the unreal aroma of those no-longer-egg-laying, piri-slathered, fire-kissed birds and fresh baked bread had us throwing 'bows to skip the line. In our minds, anyway. Other Yelpers talk about the pastry counter that tempts the poultry patrons, but I cannot comment. I wanted - nay, NEEDED - chiggin.A mere 15 minutes and 18$ CAD later, we're presented with Styrofoam go-boxes overstuffed with tender white and dark meat, a mountain of crispy crinkle-cut fries and a surprisingly fresh salad of mixed greens tossed in a light (mustard?) vinaigrette. We sat, transfixed. I took a picture of chicken for the first time ever. We ate. My soul took a picture of chicken for the first time ever.Remember those people that name everything? They might also be the type to talk about fleeing the States in times of political strife. "Can you believe Congress?," they'll say, "That's it. I'm moving to Canada." Whatever. Rotisserie Romados, though? Totally worth revoking your US citizenship.Did I mention they have Five Alive in a can? The Québecois need to adopt me, stat. I'll do windows!
When I think of Montreal, Portuguese cuisine is not the first thought that comes to my mind.  Smoked meat and poutine may be the dishes that Montreal may be best known for, but you can add Portuguese Roast Chicken to that list.  At Rotisserie Romados, their Portuguese Roast Chicken is right up there with some of the best grilled chicken that I have eaten.  How good was the chicken? This was by far the best meal of my trip!Located in The Plateau neighborhood, Rotisserie Romados is about an 8-10 minute walk from the Mont Royal Metro station.  Upon first glance, I honestly thought that the outside facade of the eatery reminded me of a church.  That being said, this "church of chicken" is a fairly small eatery with a few seats if you choose to eat in, but primarily a place to order take out.  Besides the roast chicken, Rotisserie Romados also has a bakery that serves up a pretty respectable selection of mouth watering Portuguese pastries.As far as the food is concerned, let's just say that something is seriously wrong with you if you leave here hungry.  Eager to feast on some chicken that I had heard so much about, I ordered the 1/2 Chicken Plate that came with a salad and was covered with a  mountain of fries.  At only $8 CAD, this was such a great deal especially with the portions being so generous.  Grilled over charcoal, the roast chicken was extremely moist on the inside, but still retained a crispy crunch on the outside.  Although the chicken was probably tasty enough as is, I decided to have my chicken slathered with a spicy Piri Piri Sauce to get the full Portuguese Chicken experience since I had come all the way from Hawaii.  The spices from the Piri Piri sauce and the drippings from the chicken were the perfect sauce to dip my fries in to scoop up all that yummy flavor.If this were not good enough, the lady at the register also added in a free dessert to my lunch.  This would be more than enough for most people, but I always have room for dessert.  I do not speak any French or Portuguese, but I made sure to remember the words "Pastel De Nata."  This Portuguese Custard Tart was the perfect end to my chicken feast and just blew my mind by how creamy delicious it was.       Just writing this review makes my mouth water and brings back fond memories of my trip to Montreal.
This place is awesome.  The chicken is made to perfection and the fries are excellent.  One of the best places to get amazing Portuguese chicken.  The pastries are excellent as well.  Furthermore, this place is not expensive.  I suggest you call ahead of time to order your meal, because you could be faced with waiting in line when you get there, although the line is never a long wait.  Don't forget to ask for an extra helping of their amazing sauce, which can be served spicy or not. This sauce goes well with their fries.  Yummy !!  Definitely a 5 star !!
Again, over-hyped so I was expecting more. My chicken was dry and the portion was ridiculously big... but I can see why people like it. I prefer Janos for Portuguese chicken.
Very delicious chicken. They ran out of bread when we were there (...it's a bakery...?) but we got the chicken plate (which came with a massive sub roll on the side so we ended up with sandwiches anyway. Very good food, good value and I would definitely go back.
Saltiest chicken I've ever had. Literally burned just to eat but I had showed up at the end of the day so maybe it was just a bad batch.
This place is worth a stop.  We split two 1/2 chicken dinners for two adults and one child and as others note there were fries left over.  I wanted to try their caldo verde soup but they were out by 7:00pm.  The spicy sauce was really quite good not searingly hot but rather piquant.  My 4 y/o went though the mild chicken with a smile.Make sure you look at the pastries before you finish paying.  We almost missed dessert!
Excellent smell but nothing outstanding. Good portion size.
My fiancé had the 1/4 chicken with spicy sauce and I had their poutine with chicken. It was AMAZING!!! I love their poutine, it was delicious and worth the calories!
This is the heaven for budget eating. The most delicious chicken in town + great fries and not to forget amazing salad sauce! Tip: don't fill yourself with the fries at the beginning. Focus on the chicken. If u are not extremely hungry get the quarter + salad and fries. Half would be too much. Enjoy!Tip2: don't forget to have a cup of coffee just across at cafe neve. Espresso will help to digest this food :)
Delicious!! Amazing Portuguese chicken. Best in the city. Good fries. But, really greasy and heavy. Be careful!
Needed a quick, kid-pleasing dinner while we were staying with friends, so we popped out to grab a chicken from Romados. SO GOOD! We live in a very Portuguese neighbourhood in Toronto, so we're no strangers to churrasco, but this stuff was awesome. The piri-piri sauce had me licking the container. We didn't get any sides, since we already had enough at home to make a meal, but I'm sure they're just as tasty.
Yet another Montreal gem. Hands down the best Portuguese barbecue chicken Montreal has to offer, every other restaurant that is remotely good will still come AFTER Romados. You can smell it from down the street, it is inexpensive, and absolutely delicious. Whether you are ordering the perfectly cooked and spiced chicken, fries, salad, or pastries, your taste buds are in for the ride of their lives. Do not miss out on this place!
Love the chicken! Used to have it every Sunday, Moved from Montreal but every time we come back this is our first stop, bringing home at least 2!
I don't even live in Montreal and I've been here a dozen times since it re-opened. It still is amazing good, awesome value. I'm sure there have been other reviews of the poutine they serve up these days. But regardless... that is what I had this time around and it was just heaven. Romados chips + 1/4 chicken + gravy made from the spicy sauce = deliciousness. If you haven't gotten it yet go and do that now. Also as a word of caution - the poutine portion is enormous.Always call ahead before coming. It's not like they take your order over the phone and set it aside; it just allows you to rock up in front of everyone and get your order in. Silly system but might as well take use of it.
Their chicken is best! But make sure you go before the peak times as the line ups are really long. Reasonably priced as well.
This is absolutely the most amazing chicken that i have had. Their chicken comes with a sauce on top that is to die for and you can even ask them to put it on the fries. The place is a small and mostly catered for takeout, nevetheless, there are some places to sit. Its not a place to go have a nice sit down but if you want the most amazing chicken and best portugese sause to take home or eat fast then this is where you need to go. I have eaten at the best restaurant in montreal and most expensive and this place is one of my favourites!
I only tried their Portuguese egg tarts here, but that's all i wanted and they were delicious. Perfectly flaky crust and creamy egg tart. I'm coming back here for my egg tart fix next time i'm in town!
This place is legit. Super moist and fresh chicken and good prices. You should be aware that fries for 2 is literally enough for 6 people so go hungry.
We were directed to this place for quick pick up and go dinner for the family. You walk in then order from the cooks what you want. The cook we spoke with spoke very little English but after a few finger pointing we were good to go. We got 4  chickenbreast combos which came with half a roasted chickenbreast a small salad and a ridiculous amount of fries. I have two teanagers. That was a hit with them. You are asked if you want spicy or regular sauce poured on top. I went for spicy and it was awesome! Not too hot for you novices out there. You move to the right to pay but they should move the cash register to the right of the pastries!  There were some incredible looking deserts that I would have gladly inquired about had my wife not already paid for our meal! I guess I'll just have to come back for desert!
Incase all the other 5-star reviews weren't enough, let me add my own:This chicken is the bomb. The end. That's all she wrote.Seriously though, when my mate was visiting from Calgary we ate here every week for 3 weeks, and in between visits we thought about coming to eat here. It was good all the times we went.The chicken is crispy, but the key is the sauce. Make sure you get extra sauce, 'cause that's where it's at. The fries are herbed, and cooked toIf you order a meal (chicken, chips) before 12 or 1pm you also get a free bread roll and a Portugese tart (!). Needless to say, this place is Legit Portugese, so they know how to make a tart.If you're in Montreal, want some good chicken, want to try a local institution, or any of the previous, just go here already.
You HAVE to come here. Simply, Portuguese chicken is incredible. Or at least here. Also, they give you a huge amount of fries. They're delicious. BOTTOM LINE:If you're anywhere within a     10 mile radius, come here. I don't care if you have to make a day trip out of it, come here. You won't be disappointed.
Oh Romados. I miss you so. I remember that first time when I had walked through your doors and headed straight to that line formed outside the food-serving window. I had just gotten the last chicken of the day, and the guy behind me had turned away all upset. I don't blame him. I would be mighty upset too if I had missed out on the heavenly chicken that you cook. I remember, that greasy-and-delicious-barbeque-chicken smell coming out of that window was INTENSE. It was a hurried experience. The sweet young lady standing on the other side of the counter shouted "PIQUANTE?" when I ordered the chicken and I wasnt sure what was happening, but 'piquante' is always a safe bet for me so I said "YES" and bam! She had the chicken legs in a little container, grabbed her brush and basted that piece of chicken with this greasy delicious-looking sauce before handing me the container and shouting "NO MORE CHICKEN SORRY!"I felt like a little kid who had just gotten the last ice-cream from the ice-cream man. I hurried off home clutching the precious container in my hand. As soon as I got home, I opened the container, took in the aroma wafting from the chicken, and dug in. I took the first bite, then the second, then the third... and I knew. You were irreplaceable. I would search far and wide, but nothing would ever compare. Its true, Romados. I might have to come back to Montreal for you.
It's worth all the hype !! Cheap, delicious, spicy, it can't get any better than Romados.    I don't know what they put in that spicy sauce they have on their chicken, but god damn is it addictive! Their egg tarts are also excellent but you probably won't have any more space left after you're done with the chicken and huge pile of fries!
The line moves quick and the chicken is delicious, perfect, moist, magique. The hot sauce is important. The pieces of meat are quickly cleavered for you as they are taken off the grill when you order so watchout for little bits of bone.  Order in advance to skip the big line and walk right up to the counter on the left hand side. Natas are one of my favourite foods ever so I always grab some of those as well. The staff are funny and at least trilingual, the Portuguese patter keeps the place running and I love seeing the patient smile when the old folks come in.
I had their chicken and bifana. Very delicious. They also have many desert items that are worth trying.
3.5 stars. If food was cheap but really heavy so it wouldn't be a place I would come very often.  Service wise, it's food court style. You place order, pay, grab food when it's ready then find a table or take it home.
Yes, portions and prices are fine and chicken cooked on charcoal enhances flavour- that is assuming the chicken is decent quality. Anyone raving about the chicken at this place has never eaten chicken that hasn't been pumped with hormones and god knows what else. There is a distinct difference between this and organic farm raised chicken. Yes, you get what you pay for but after trying it a number of times and being consistently disappointed about the taste and texture, my friends and I have vowed never to go back. I guess they are able to offer the prices they do due to the sheer volume of mass produced chickens they sell. If only they used a higher quality product...and were still able to maintain the necessary supply and prices. Then again, finding unadulterated food these days is becoming harder and harder and more and more expensive. Enjoy the assembly line chicken.
oh Romados how we miss thee (since moving from the plateau) let me count the ways....1. The barbecued chicken... with crispy carmelized bits that are full of flavour2. The Portuguese spices on the chicken3. The spiced hot fries4. The yummy spicy sauce they will drizzle on the fries and the chicken if you want... your choice spicy or really spicy...5. Large portions for the price6. Yummy bread - soft and lovely on the inside... crunchy and firm on the outside7. NATAS NATAS NATAS (need I say more? Probably not but I will anyways... if you love custard you need to have one of these... two... or 10.... if they let you pick go for the ones with lots of colour... the carmelization thing again....)8. Salads are fresh but because they are in with the hot stuff they get soggy really quick... so I don't miss those that much... 9. I would say I miss the rice if we ever got to eat it (the one time I did have it it was yummy)... but this place is always so busy that they run out of it early and I have rarely had it.... go earlier if you want it.10. NATAS NATAS NATAS... (and try the white bean tarts as well for an unexpected surprise... who thought beans would make a tasty dessert? )Well worth the wait in line... but if you want to avoid waiting at peak hours... phone your order in and pick up a half hour later.... the pre-order line is always way shorter. Be sure you do so before their 6 or 6:30 deadline... otherwise be prepared to be patient. If the line stretches to the door... plan to wait at least 45 minutes... but it will be worth it...Also note that they do have a few tables but often no room... more of a take out place at rush hour.... there are a few parks nearby - one in between de bouillion and hotel de ville streets about 1/4 of the way down and of course only a few blocks from mount royal park.... just remember to clean up after yourselves and use the garbages
If I had to base this review just on the chicken, it'd be 4 stars.  The chicken is indeed phenomenal, and the hot sauce and fries are pretty good too, but the rice is pretty bland and dry, and I wasn't a fan of the pastry that came with the meal either.  As far as a value meal goes, for $8 you get a ton of food.Stick to the chicken and you'll be just fine here.
I don't know WTF happened but I can tell you this:1) The chicken is still good, but it wasn't as good as before2) The salad was pathetic and I didn't eat a bite of the limp, nasty wet, water-laden salad3) The fries ruined everything for me -- excessive amount of them, dry, brown, soaked in dirty oil, DISGUSTING4) The natas they used to give as a freebie, are now a hybrid tart custard piece of crap5) The owner and his kids aren't really working much any more which has contributed to its declineKnow what? They're coasting on their name and fame. I'm not going back, except to buy natas once in a while.Not worth it any more to wait in line and then fight for a crappy seat that 50% of the time is not available.
The Portuguese people are known for their chicken; now I know why! Rotisserie Romados offers the most delicious chicken. The place isn't the most attractive or spacious, but that doesn't stop people from waiting in line to get some good food.After waiting in line for 30 minutes, I got my quarter chicken combo (chicken, salad & fries) - around $7. At my request, the chicken was smothered in spicy oil sauce which gave a nice mild spicy taste to the food. The chicken is very juicy, hot, tender and perfect! The salad was good and the fries were thick but lacked the crispiness I like, but they tasted really good too. The portions are gigantic- you've been warned. Romados doesn't have lots of seating space and is usually crowed. The bakery there seemed nice and the staff was nice and efficient. I didn't like how my hot food was placed in a floppy styrofoam box- yuck. Although that bothered me, I don't think it's going to stop me from coming back to this place.If you want some amazing chicken; I would highly recommend picking some up at Rotisserie Romados!
This is a must-go-to for me when visiting Montreal.  It is simple, delicious and very affordable!  As a supreme lover of all things Anthony Bourdain, I discovered this spot on his short lived show, The Lay Over, and boy am I glad I followed his recommendation.  It is absolutely fast food, but incredibly good, well prepared fast food.  The long is line and there is limited indoor seating, but there is a small little park kitty corner across the street where I take my plate and go picnic.  The line moves very quickly and I always get the same dish:  1/2 chicken that comes with a small side salad with a simple Italian dressing and a mound of fries on top of it all.  You can vary the heat of the sauce the chicken is brushed with and I opt for medium that has a good bite.  There is nothing like eating the fries at the bottom of the container soaked in that dwindling chicken sauce, I can hardly do it justice!  The bakery offerings are unusual and fun while still offering all the basics as well.  Even though the chicken is amazing, the fries are my favorite and I keep telling myself I need to try the poutine.  It hasn't happened yet though, I need that sauce on the chicken!
Great chicken, great portion, affordable price. Chicken poutine from here is a boon.
We had a rough idea of where this place was, but actually found it by following our noses. This was our first stop after rolling into town. We made our way inside and got in line with only a few people ahead of us. Once we took a good look at the menu, we noticed that the line behind us was out the door. We picked up lunch, which was so delicious and filling that we didn't need dinner that day. For ~$8 for a half chicken, special sauce, small salad and boatload of fries it is a real bargain! It's a ton of food (especially if you aren't bashful with the fries) that remarkably leaves you feeling full in a good way.  The meal also came with a huge Portuguese-style roll that I didn't eat until the next day at breakfast.The chicken was excellent - wings and legs were perfect, though the breast a little dry. The "spicy" sauce was a perfect touch, more an addition of flavor and moisture and a gentle hint of spice. It was a perfect dipping sauce for the fries at the end. The fries themselves were outstanding - seasoned to perfection with a hint of aromatic sweetness that seemed like celery. Yum!
Yummy chicken! Really good food. I have nothing bad to say about their food. I loved it. I would only say, at least have one person behind the counter, serving food, that speaks english! I don't eat beef and couldn't get anyone there to tell me if the poutine broth had beef in it. It was hell for those few minutes i went back and forth with them. I understand you are in Montreal, and you mainly speak french here, but how can you ignore the fact that it is a big tourism city. And, the international language happens to be english. I wish I could say I was the only one it happened to. It happened to another person as I was paying. Any who. If you eat everything and don't care to find out what else could be in their food outside of chicken, it's a great place. Food is good.
Nothing to add except to say I love this chicken so much. With rice, the portions are huge so if you're interested in chicken, opt out of the rice. The 1/2 chicken dinner was too much for my SO and I to finish, but worth every second of the walk over and the line
So I was expecting quite a lot from all the positive reviews I have heard about this place. Finally managed to get here on a quiet Thurs night where we didn't have to wait in line but most tables were still full. I opted for the 1/4 chicken breast and my boyfriend got the 1/2 chicken both with spicy sauce, we also got 2 drinks and 6 custard tarts and it came to about $27 which is reasonable. I was expecting a lot from the chicken and it wasn't up to what I expected as I make Portuguese chicken at home and I have eaten it in Portugal and it doesn't really compare and was a little dry. You also get salad and a lot of chips with it, dip the chips in the spicy sauce to make them taste better. Overall, it is a lot of food so a couple could easily get a half chicken and that would be enough. The Custard tarts were probably the best thing but you don't get any free with your meal anymore but they are still worth a try.Overall, worth a visit for quantity but far from the best chicken I have ever eaten and definitely not worth waiting for a long time in line.
I guess it's not Romados, it's me. My friends dragged me to Romados on a whim, because the day was so beautiful. I wasn't familiar with the place before, and neither was I familiar with Portuguese cuisine, so I didn't know what to expect. I thought this would be a full-blown restaurant with all sorts of Portuguese specialties. This is more a hole-in-the-wall sorta place: you order at one small counter after waiting in line, and choose from maybe 6 different meal options written above the counter. The Menu is fairly small and as the "Rotisserie" part of the name would suggest, consists mainly of chicken. I usually don't go out to eat chicken and ordered a pork escalope sandwich and a custard bun. Judging from all the reviews before me, I guess this is where I made a faux-pas. The sandwich was good. No more, no less. The bread was fluffy and bland, the escalopes a bit overcooked, what really bound everything together was the fat. Full-on fat, everywhere. The fries certainly benefit from all that fatty goodness and the next time I stop at Romados I'll gladly order a side of fries: they are well-seasoned and delicious and I promptly finished my friend's portion. The pastry stand is gorgeous to look at but nothing is named, and I always feel a fool trying to describe what I want. What is Portuguese? What isn't? I'm looking for something authentic here! My custard bun was good as well, with a hint of artificial processing in the custard's taste.  The prices are so low I'll probably be back a couple more times and see what exactly it is I seem to be missing out on.
Famous Portuguese chicken done right.  The spices and sauce give the chicken a distinctive flavor and the fries are also delicious.  There's also some interesting (international) bottled beverages to choose from (whether cola or juices).  This place can get busy and often has a line but I think it's worth it for the rich flavorful chicken for a cheap and quick meal.
THE BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER TASTED!!!If I were on death row, this would be my last meal request...The fries are amazingly good, the salad is tasty and the chicken is delectable! Fall off the bone, perfectly spiced with some form of piri-piri sauce, it may be very salty, but totally worth it...!!!Prepared fresh, you see the chickens preparing, cooking, waiting, and being cut and served to you. There is no guess work as to where your food comes from or what is being done to it!!!Extremely affordable, quick service (but be prepared to wait around 15 minutes anyways...there are always people!) I wish they had more tables so we could enjoy this at a more leisurely pace. If you get a spot, be kind and don't dilly-dally, there are people who are waiting to eat!!!Excellent custard tarts (pasteis de nata) and I;m sure everything else is great as well.I will never go to another Portuguese chicken place so long as Romados is around...
Atmosphere, Service, Food: What you need to know.Atmosphere: Ramados is a Portuguese, charcoal grill chicken place. No-nonesence set-up - it's made to serve people one thing: hot, juicy, fresh of the charcoal grill chicken! Very popular among the local community (and beyond) - it's often busy so don't expect to go in and get a table for two - there's barely 6-7 places you may sit.  Think the "Soup-Nazi" restaurant from Seinfeld fame.  You walk in - wait in line (moves quickly), order your chicken and GO!Service:  The people that work there - Portuguese - are very friendly and best of all know what they are doing.Food:  Ah the food.  There are plenty of Portuguese style grill restaurants in Montreal - but Ramados seems to have built a cult following due to the consistency with which they deliver the goods.  I've been to Ramados well over half a dozen times - and each time the meal is a good as the previous - not many restaurants can boast such a quality.  They have a very limited menu - mainly consisting of grilled Chicken and Pork, but if you're going there - you're definitely going for the Chicken.  They also have a glass display full of home made sausages, cheeses, and desserts!best of all? they are VERY generous! You'll pay your money, eat, and walk-out thinking that it was the best thing you've done all week.  The Fries are to die for.So good you just may end up going again, the next day!
Not much to add about this place which has not already been said, I had my first chicken from here when I lived on DeBullion over 15 years ago, at the time it was more of a grocery store but they made the chicken to go (you had to call to order for same day, or wait at least 45 min to an hour), now it is more of a take out food and bakery/deli.  Their chicken is very good with a smoky flavor and is home seasoned a la Portuguese, the fries are very good and try the grilled sardines, which are also very tasty.  The price is so affordable it is a must for students, and a score no matter what.  Hopefully they will keep making it as there seems to be a new controversy about the smoke emanating from places like this and the neighboring residence are complaining.enjoy while you can this could be the end of an era.....to be continued
I love Romados.  Have for many a year.  Until 2010 their "quarter chicken" trio (with fries and salad) was really 4 or 5 pieces of totally awesome chicken covered in spicy delicious portugese flavah.  So deliciously yummy.Recently they underwent some renovations, which somehow has made their chicken slightly more dry, and the management may have changed, so their formally uber-generous portions have been reduced to more standard fare sizes.  Still delicious though, and hands down my go-to fave for rotisserie/bbq chicken in MTL.
Wow!! The chicken is sooo good!!The fries have this special spice which makes it really good.Get the hot sauce on you chicken and dip your fries in it. This is food porn!!
Another must-visit on a trip to Montreal. This chicken is absolutely fantastic. The place is small with tables kind of crammed together. Get the chicken and eat it in the park a block away. I am not overly crazy about the enormous serving of fries dumped all over the chicken, but after awhile, they do grow on you.
I am so thankful that we found Romados on yelp!  Yelp to the rescue, yet again!  The chicken is fall of the bone tender and has just the right bit of smokiness.  The Portuguese egg tarts are amazingly good and they carry Five Alive in cans!  Sweet!
Not as impressive as the lines would have you believe, but it's ridiculously cheap and huge (at least, the amount of fries are)! Hubby and got the half chicken platter to share - half a chicken, small salad, and an insane amount of fries (greasy, heavy, soggy) on top. I like that they give you a little tart to have as dessert! We also purchased a portuguese egg tart which was creamy and sweet and delightful. NOT someplace I'd recommend to go as a tourist as it's more of a grocery store/deli with only 2 tables, but it's good food.
finally I went to Romados with my friend who were visiting Montreal from Toronto."It's really famous and really good." this is what I told him.we really like the huge amount of frites and delicious chicken and the salad.I would love to visit again, when it's not crowded!
Saw this place on yelp and on a cooking Chanel so I decided to try it. I got the 1/4 of chicken with fries and it came with this hot sauce. The mountain of fries were so tasty ( specially at the end covered in sauce and that's if you get to that ). I'm pretty sure there are some onions with the fries seasoning....yum. Now the chicken, it was so full of flavor you could really tell this was no ordinary rotisserie chicken. I would definitely recommend this place. The portions are huge and it was only 8$. I give this place a 4 star because  sitting there was really uncomfortable and if you take it to go and wait to long it's not the same so eat it fresh you won't be disappointed.
So. Mindblowingly. Good. I don't even like chicken and I'd eat Ramados every single day for the rest of my life if I could. WHAT ARE THEY DOING to this meat?? What is that miraculous basting mixture being slathered over these rotating birds?? Why, after all of this time, am I still craving Ramados??! The fries are whatever, but the chicken - ohmydearlawdinheaven, the CHICKEN! Seriously, it's so good that when a couple of my friends were debating whether to move from Montreal to Korea, Ramados weighed heavily on their decision. No joke. It's that freaking phantasmagorical. Don't walk, don't wait, just go - GO to Ramados. And thank the poultry gods for making such a deliciously greasy bird.
So good! This is the best rotisserie chicken I ever had. So so so much better than swiss chalet or KFC or Popeyes. And it's pretty cheap. You can smell the good chicken even from far away. Strongly suggest going there.
We ate here 3 times during our 6-day visit, and for good reason! The chicken sandwich is amazing. The answer to "Spicy?" is a clear & resounding "YES." The fries are ridiculously good; even the salad was delicious! Don't be put off by the seemingly long line--it moves fast and is well worth the wait.In my opinion, this was the best value in Montreal.
Oh yum. Bonjour to the best chicken I've ever eaten. Lately, I'm just so bored with chicken. It's like the white bread of meat. boring. overdone. everywhere. Kind of like how my vagina used to be before I quit whoring. And then I met Romados. The shop is on the edge of a sweet little neighborhood. Parking is plentiful or you can easily ride your bike here. Great bike lanes all the way down Rachel. Ordering was funny. For me. Not for my mom who fumbled her way through that only written in French menu. She tried to order by the price. I'm laughing now only because it was so damn cute. I love my mom, even moreso when she tries to speak French with her sweet southern twang. The chicken is moist. Juicy. Delicious. Spicy. Just like something else I know. It's kind of indescribably good. Really. It comes with a MOUND of french fries, so you're better off just ordering a whole chicken platter. Split it with someone and you have a delicious, filling meal for under $15. Order it spicy. Eat it there, although the space is a bit uncomfortable. I just cannot imagine it would be as good later on.
Youri's comment (below) sold me on this place so I decided to check out the "Best Portugese Chicken" west of Portugal.I walked with two other friends and was surprised to see that it was more of the take-out style feel with only minimal number of tables to really sit down.  Fine by me because the moment I stepped in, I was captivated by the aura of chicken grilled over the fire.  Amazing.I ordered the 1/2 chicken and this was definitely more than enough.  Despite the line, the service was really fast once I placed the order.  The woman behind the counter kept piling on the amount of fries while having a conversation, a good sign already.I had this with the spicy sauce - wasn't really that spicy to be honest, but definitely had a small bite to its flavour. The chicken though was amazing.  It was succulent, it was juicy and it was delicious.  Too bad I'm leaving for Montreal tonight but if I were to come back to Montreal, I would definitely drop by for some chicken at Romados.Til next time.
I went twice in two days with my wife, once for dinner and once for lunch. On both occasions we shared the 1/2 chicken combo, which was filling for the two of us. The chicken was a little dry when we went for dinner but still enjoyable. Great value and great taste.
one of my favorite bbq chicken place in montreal...i actually dreamt of it when i lived in LA! Stay away from the fries ...they are so awesome you can't just eat a few!!!Romados for me is to chicken what Shwatzes is to smoke meat!!!
Not sure how we found out about this place, but I am definitely glad that we did! It was absolutely amazing and worth the trek. For $10, you get 1/2 portuguese bbq chicken, a salad, rice, a mountain of french fries and a dinner roll. Definitely enough food for two hungry tummies! We're not the spicy food type, so when she asked if we wanted it spicy we were quick to say no! I kid you not, she gave us a look as if we were weenies :[ so we hesitantly changed our minds and asked for it spicy. Let me tell you that sauce is phenomenal, it would not have been the same without it! Its vinegary and sweet with just enough kick. By the end of the meal, we were soaking up the spicy sauce with our fries just to make sure we didn't waste a drop of it. The fries are delicious on their own. just the right seasoning.Such a great deal for a great amount of delicious chicken and fries heaven! I wish they had a place like this in LA. I must warn you though, its a small corner establishment. Not much room to sit and eat. So do figure out other places you can park it and enjoy your meal!
Good priced, not too sure what the hype is about the chicken, it didn't taste out of the world to me. Definitely seems healthier than other options, doesn't leave a greasy feeling in your mouth.
1 word: delicious!!! The portions are just right & the prices are even better. My bf picked this lil Old Montreal gem & I'm glad he did. He had the 1/2 chicken & I had the 1/4 leg. We had 2 sauce options - he chose spicy & I chose sweet. Amazing!!! Each option came with fries (the sauce was added to that as well) and salad. Both our meal with 2 sparkling pineapple drinks came to a whopping $25!!!!!! I'm rounding up by the way. This place is a MUST when in Old Montreal. Little hole in the wall but absolutely delicious food. Next time we may try the pastries.
Really nice quality chicken.  Mountain of fries.  Tiny but delicious salad. Big old roll. $8.  You can feed your family very affordably here!Definitely give this place a try.I would say that the flavour of their chicken varies but is very nice and clean.  Toooo many fries but if you are into that go for it. I want to try their baked goods soon.Recommended. Try maybe to call ahead- they have a separate line for those who have pre-ordered.  Might be a way to avoid the lines!
I am a BBQ fanatic (smoked stuff) and love anything on the grill, too.  I just got back from eating Romados' chicken.  I ordered a half-chicken platter that came with fries and salad.  The first words out of my mouth when I smelled the chicken were literally, "holy cow!"After I parked my car half a block away from this gem on the corner, I knew what I was getting myself into.  I immediately smelled the charcoal!  And after walking inside the establishment, heaven.  The chickens are spatchcocked and are rotating as they are cooking over the charcoal.  I've never seen that type of roasting/grilling setup in my life, especially at a restaurant.So, there I was with chicken-in-hand and about 1/2 lb. of fries!  The woman at the counter (cashier) then gave me a piece of freshly-baked Portuguese bread and a small tart.  This was free.The dude that took my order was a bit rude.  I guess that happens when I don't speak French?  But other than that, no complaints.  This place rocks.
I found this place here on Yelp and it did not disappoint.  I was a little confused at first because I didn't realize this place was not a typical sit down style restaurant.  I came with a group of 4 people and we had to split up in two's to eat.  If we would have know in advance, we would have planned it different.  Nonetheless, the chicken was delicious.  The meat just fell off the bone and it had the just right kind of spiciness to it.  It was definitely some of the best barbecue chicken I've ever had.  The sauce on the chicken made the fries that come with it much better too.  They were just sitting in the juices and the sauce adding flavor the perfectly done fries.  The price was pretty reasonable as well.If I lived here, I would definitely visit this place often.
i dont get why people said its good...its terrible...very plain, super dry, barely enough dip stuff...and the salad? what a joke...what a complete waste of money, more waste of a chicken actually...the worst chicken ive had in my entire life...joke u not, in all seriousness...i was so pissed...anyway, ull find out urself when u go there if u do
I am blessed to be near the best Portugeuse and Azorean food one can find, but this experience has not been found in the 02116 surrounding area yet!You go here for the chicken and the chicken, and the chicken....and the sauce on the chicken.  Oh, and those fabulous petite custard pies that they throw in your bag!  Opens up for Lunch at 11.30 a.m.We got a whole chicken, rice, fries, salad and drinks for about $20 CAD.  Picnic over in Mt. Royal= Life is good!I will be looking forward to going here again le prochain temps je serai en Montreal!
This place has bbq chicken coming out the friggin walls with awesome fries straight out of heaven. Portuguese grill with pastries, bread and attitude. Chop chop!
deliciouse, succulent, moist, tender, spicy, flavorfulRamados chix is amazing bursting with flavor and soul.i can't wait to experience it in Montreal at the real place!awesome awesome grub
Three words for this place: grub as feeze! I ate here only once on my very first visit to Montreal, and I still think about my meal that day and salivate just a 'lil.I saw a few different establishments advertising "Portuguese Rotisserie Chicken" in Montreal, and decided that I would do some Yelping to determine the best location to ingest aforementioned chicken (which was new to my quarter-Portuguese heritage self -- is this a Canadian thing?!). Yelpers did not fail me -- my two-piece chicken meal with fries and side salad was tha bizness! I was even able to procure a grape Fanta as my beverage -- what?!Seating is indeed a problem though -- I got my meal to-go and walked the block-and-a-half up to the small Parq des Ameriques, and consumed this meal-from-the-Gods out of the styrofoam box on a park bench. And when they ask "Spicy?" Say yes. Or, sorry -- "Oui!" Or "sim!"
I love the fries, and the sauce on the chicken was great. The juiciness of the chicken was very good, but couldn't match the splendidity of the sauce. I wouldn't say it's a be-all-end-all or can't miss, but it's definitely a good stop - very popular with locals. The baked items seemed doable too. I liked how casual this place was, how your order from the cooks, who stand in front of the kitchen. I didn't see many take-out joints in my time in Montreal, this was a good one. Dig it.
BELIEVE THE HYPE!The fabled line is totally worth it. My guy and I will spend 12 bucks splitting a whole chicken (spicy, duh) for dinner and I'm seriously knawing the marrow out of the bones and eating the spinal cord at the end of the meal, it's soooo good.WARNING: If I eat the potatoes and the bird at once I go into a serious chicken coma so I advise only a side of salad if you actually want to do something with your day.
We trudged all around the Plateau looking for a lunch spot on the day after New Year's Day, but the city's restaurant owners must have still be sleeping off their hangovers (?) because nothing was open. Nothing except Romados, of course.The lineup was huge, but the food was worth the wait. The chicken hadn't met the dry fate of so many other chickens before it (thank god). It was spicy and moist and of course greasy, but in a good way. The portion was huge. It came with a heap of fries (crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside) and a few bites of salad. I ate so much I didn't eat dinner that night, and I still didn't finish my plate.There aren't many spots to sit, but in better weather it's not a problem to find someplace outside nearby.
Went tonight for first time it was amazing i got half chicken combo amazing bun great fries and best chicken ever and great price 7.99 the you get salad will go again asap
It is good, the line is long (call ahead) and it is cheap! Fries are sweet, did not see any rice maybe it was under the pounds of fries! I am not sure I would do the line again unless I was short on cash. More of a value than a virtue.
Great chicken and fries. (deserts are good as well!)  Huge portions - low price. What else could you want?
The line is long, but the wait is worth it.This rotisserie chicken is so juicy and greasy. Yum. I got the combo with fries, rice, and salad, but you can ask for the combo any way you like (just salad and rice, etc). Sauce is excellent (perfect level of spiciness). There is also a bakery here and some authentic Brazillian products, but I didn't have any more room in my belly after I consumed half a chicken. But if you go, you gotta wash it all down with a bottle of Guarana.Tips: Figure out what you want before you get in line. There are people waiting.
Portuguese Bakery & Chicken shack that also sells local beer? WHAT? This place is  on Rachel E in a nice, leafy part of the plateau and yet one can fill one's stomach up to the brim for under $20. Not just with moist and lip-smackingly salty Frango e Batata along with a cold Belle Guele Pilsner, but also still-warm, delicate pastel de nata just out of the oven;  gooey and creamy on the inside and just barely crunchy with a kiss of caramelized powdered sugar on top giving the custard a crunch almost akin to a Crème Brûlée...I'm almost drooling from the memory alone..
What Montreal is all about: you bike, far, up in these neighborhoods where everything may look so common to you and then you end up spotting the place that will make your day. So simple and so unique.Rotisserie Romados will surprise you. Make sure you get the chicken. A "1/2" will surely fit two starving stomachs and get a good load of spicy sauce. You may ask for breasts or thighs. And by the way, yelpers perhaps do not highlight it enough but the fries are excellent: crunchy and tasting like potatoes. Drinks wise, I recommend the imported Guarana soda and the Portuguese bottled orange soda. But Romados is also a pastry and will serve you creamy egg-tart and cappuccinos (or might be as well-off going to Neve right in front of it).  Furthermore, given quality and quantity, prices are unbeatable. 1/2 Chicken + 2 sodas + Dessert = $15. Bread comes free.PS Does NOT accept Credit cards but Debit ones.
First thing you need to do IF you decide to go by this place. Call and put in the order or you will be waiting in line drooling for 15-30 minutes.My GF and I order 1/2 of poulet combo. It came with Fries and Salad. The bill was around 10 bucks or so. The bird was bar b q really well. They give you a big portion. We try not to order big meal because we want to go to as many places as we can when we were in MTL. We were in Montreal for 3 days we ate here twice and it was well worth it.Remember look up the # and call first before you go. Check out the menu online. Or take a bib with you. :-)
Best portuguese chicken in Montreal. The sauce is just SO GOOD. It's worth it to take it spicy. There is always a long line up, but since they renovated, it's a lot faster and they added seats too. Definitely a place to try if you're visiting the city!
Best chicken ever. Great fries. Even the buns are rich in bunly goodness.Not much space to eat, so plan on taking it home or heading to a nearby park to chow down.
Best Chicken in Montreal! and in the whole world?I love this place: huge portions, amazing fries, delicious flavourful chicken, all that for a very cheap price. It's always packed, which is a good sign! A downside is that it'll be hard to find a seat, but you can walk to Mont Royal park and eat there if you have the patience!And if you order a meal deal at the weekend until 2pm, there's bread and a pastry included... if you can eat them! I always make sure I save space for dessert!Go, you won't be disappointed!
Does live up to the hype, but certainly does not stand out on its own in this neighborhood.Chicken was great (as has been heavily stated)! But the breast was a little dry.  Also wasn't a fan of the fact that the spicy chicken is a regular chicken with chili oil added after the fact.  Portugalia (down the street at the intersection of Rachel and Clark) puts the chili oil, etc. on while they grill the chicken.  Fries are ok, but both the chicken and the fries seemed to be much better with the added chili oil.Bread was great and $10 for 1/2 a chicken, salad, and a ton of fries was more than enough for 2 people.  Food was extremely quick, despite other reviews that had a long wait.Not much place to sit and eat, and no drinking alcohol in the restaurant.All in all, a fantastic place to grab great Portuguese chicken and fries (maybe some beer) to take home.  But if you want equal quality chicken with crispier fries and the ability to sit and enjoy the food with a beer and a few olives, give Portugalia a try, you won't be disappointed.
Yelp Montreal led us here to see what all the 5 star reviews was all about..From my analysis of devouring chicken, my conclusion comes down to some points about Romados... ::PROS::Cheap for a half chicken ($7.5ish)HUGE ass portionsFamily ran, no frills what you see is what you get type of spot..The chicken breast was pretty tastyTONS of fries just flopped over blanketing the chickenSalad as a healthy garnish along with their vinegar dressingDid I say a LOAD of fries?Spicy oil based hot sauce You walk out full, and not hungryThey give you a huge bread to chase with the chickenBakery, for the dessert lovers afterwardsxx-CONS-XXA little dry on the half chicken I orderedFries were just ok. It was seasoned but not that good.The wings were not SO tasty. It kinda lost some of the OoompH in taste. I would definitely come back and try it again. A good spot to just munch down on some rotisserie chicken. Originally I wanted to give this spot a 3.5* stars, but the pros out weight the cons..
Simply put, this is probably the best BBQ chicken in Montreal. Their fries and rolls are also really good.It can get a little busy at times, though, so you should probably be prepared to wait in line for 10-15 minutes. Alternatively, call ahead so that your order is read in advance.
We screwed this dinner up twice.  Here are some essential tips so you don't also:1) Go no later than 630.  The line explodes after that and you may not get chicken.2) Two people should get a whole chicken meal to share.  Don't fool yourself thinking you'll only eat a quarter.  This chicken is the crack of the North.3) When they ask "spicy?" say yes.  The sauce gets sopped up by the seasoned fries.4) Feel free to use US dollars.  We got 1-to-1.Miss this place at your own risk.
I don't know if I can add anything new that hasn't already been said, but basically all you need to know about Romados is that you're going to get delicious, rotisserie chicken seasoned to perfection with a side of equally tasty salt & pepper fries and you're gonna walk out the door with a feeling of both glee and guilt - wait, did they undercharge me? How did I get so much food for less than $10? But those worries will quickly melt away as you take your first bite of chicken.Needless to say I'll be returning, and if I'm in a rush I'll take advantage of the shorter line up for those who have called their orders in ahead. And yes, go for the spicy sauce. Yummmmm.
This place is pretty much unreal! You walk in, actually, before you even walk in, you can smell the barbeque down the street. You can fully see what the cooks are doing. You can see the food roasting over the open pit. Incredible eats. The portions are more than enough to fill an average person up. I ordered half a chicken, with salade and frites. It was bursting out of the take out container. AND it the meal comes with a homemade bun.Will definitely need to return to this place for another feed.
Chicken with French fries - THREE OUT OF FIVE. The chicken was super salty, crammed into a styrofoam box also containing a mountain of french fries. This was one of the times that quantity is not better than quality. I honestly think the rotisserie chicken at your local grocery store is better. Egg Tarts - FIVE OUT OF FIVE. These are so good ... they are an egg-tarte with a pudding consistency and absolutely melt in your mouth.
I'm a picky bastard when it comes to most things, but the chicken here is a stroke of absolute genius!To wait for 20 minutes in the Saturday lineup that extends out the door onto the corner of Rachel and De Bullion would ordinarily be an inconvenience for most people, but it's more of a calming pleasure as the smell of rotisserie roasting chicken over a charcoal fire is sure to illuminate the senses with hungry delight.A quarter chicken with a veritable mountain of fries and nice bit of salad will run you a minuscule 7 dollars and could very well feed a family of 4, though I personally like to divide it into 2 meals depending on my level of hunger. Beyond its ridiculously tasty chicken, Ramado's is also a full fledged Portuguese bakery which offers some of the finest custard tarts in the city and really nice Portuguese buns which they will include as a compliment to the chicken meal if you ask nicely. Make sure to lather that chicken and fries in their delicious homemade rotisserie sauce because it is such a flavourful addition to an already superb meal. You won't find better value anywhere else in Montreal and dare I say, in the entire country for the simple reason that no other restaurant could survive offering such incredible value. This is a must go to restaurant to anyone visiting or living in Montreal.
One of Montreal's finest rotisseries. Their secret family recipe is divine. And it's so cheap. Should you want to bring home a family meal, grab a chicken or porc sandwich with fries, or taste some traditional Portuguese pastries, Romados is the place to go. Just be aware that you may have to brave a serious lineup.
My heart (and stomach) is wavering: who has the better chicken in town? Romados or Coco Rico?Romados' chicken is a bit smoky and has different layers of flavor (tangy. spicy) I'm literally biting and chewing on all the bones. Fries are delicious with the spicy sauce...And do they serve them by the bucket or something?Coco Rico's chicken is a different specie. Bigger, juicy, and meat falls off the bone. It's less flavorful in terms of spices but it's so tasty. The potatoes melt in your mouth.Finish off with a Portuguese egg tart :)Romado's is better... No Coco Rico is.... No Romados... No Coco Rico... you get the picture!
Best chicken I've ever had. EVER. It's also an incredible value. It's fairly priced and more than anyone can eat. I wish I lived in Montreal just so I could eat here daily.
I felt like I was joining a club. There are rules and regulations, but luckily my brother knew them. You get in the long line, you scope for hints that people are leaving one of the three tables, you figure out what you're ordering in advance to getting to the counter, you get it spicy. It's not really much of a task to figure out what to order; besides the baked goods at another counter all they do is chicken. And my, they do it well. I ordered the quarter chicken meal: chicken, salad, rice and French fries. The chicken was so tender, so fall-off-the-bones, I didn't want to use any cutlery. Spicy wasn't spicy, just spiced and just right. I didn't get the rice, still not sure whose fault that is. The salad was unnecessary. A lot of it just got soggy and cooked beneath the chicken. The fries on the other hand were great. A bit over-peppered at times, but still rank A. The portion was HUGE. $6.99 for a Styrofoam meal box. And then they give you a bun at the cash register too! I guess it's like them giving you a business card to try out their bakery. I say take the plunge, the roll was a nice addition and all the treats on display looked really good. Four stars for the fries (I'm disregarding the other sides), five stars for that chicken. So I'm rounding up. Oh, that chicken. If you can get past the dozens on rotating chickens, the black gloves the intense looking men use as they wield their meat cleavers and that long line then go.  Join the club.
Yum - definitely the tastiest chicken I've eaten in North America - even without the chili sauce!The chips were tasty, I don't know what they added to it but it was awesome!  Also came with a dessert, but I much preferred the portugese tart I bought =)If you can't read french and are wondering why there are 2 prices for a 1/4 chicken it relates to the part of the chicken you get.  I had a 1/2 chicken and definitely recommend getting the thigh....mmmm
So far, this place has 14 five-star reviews, and I'm not going to disagree. This place is seriously as good as it gets.Granted, I don't have much experience with portuguese chicken, but the chicken I had was ridiculously delicious. Very tender and juicy with such great and explosive flavor. The fries were well-seasoned and delicious; the rice was a great addition to balance out the flavorful chicken and sop up the tasty leftover juices; and the salad is nice to give you the impression that you might be eating something healthy. Just thinking about eating this is making me salivate.Anyway, the way it works is you stand in line, order half a chicken (I guess you could also order other stuff, but why would you?), pay for it, then split with a friend and enjoy. Inexpensive, delicious, and filling. I don't know what more you could ask for.
My family and I decided to try this restaurant after reading various Yelp accounts. First, this is part bakery and part takeout joint. The staff is helpful to those of us who do not speak French. The chicken is quite good. Not the best I have ever had, but very good. They were out of rice, so I had fries. They were good with pepper on them just like I prefer. There were so many that I could not finish half of them. It came with a small salad buried under the fries.The best thing, of course, is the price. Drinks and three meals came in under $30.00. Quite a break from expensive Montreal!
Even an ever-mooching girlfriend couldn't help me finish the cavernous bed of fries on which my amazingly spicy pork lay, and all that for a mere 8 bucks! Go during off-hours when it's quick.
I got really lost looking for this place! Directionally challenged I know. But my excuse is that I'm an international traveler in your fine city!Anyway, I was starving and was determined to find this joint after reading all these great reviews. I had the 1/4 chicken leg combo, which was translated to me by a really nice couple (the menu is in French FYI). I watched in amazement as the cook chopped up the meat and piled it with a TON of fries!!! The meal could easily feed a family of four! It also comes with rice and a salad. But honestly you can't see what's underneath the giant pile of fries!The chicken had a lovely taste to it. The spicy sauce wasn't as spicy as I'd like it to be. And everything was a teensy bit too salty. If I had a friend to share it with, it would have been more manageable!  All in all a great neighborhood restaurant. Seems to be hugely popular with the locals. The line was almost out the door!
There is nothing I can say of this place that hasn't already been said.Amazing chicken and amazing fries.
During my week-long vacation in Montreal, I had a sushi buffet, an expensive French dinner and large amounts of poutine. Yet, the meal I would have again in a heartbeat, the meal that highlighted my stay, resides in this amazing and humble establishment. For a light lunch, my parents and I split a half a chicken and fries. The chicken was perfectly cooked: mind-blowingly flavorful, juicy and enveloped in the crispiest, tastiest skin. Also, the chicken had the perfect level of spiciness, whetting the appetite with each bite. On top of this, the fries were a mountain of pillowy potatoes which I would say rivals if not tops Pommes Frites in New York. Once you put one of these babies in your mouth, you can forget about that diet you've been trying to keep because you will not be able to control yourself! I have to stop now because I'm literally salivating too much. Rotisserie Romados is definitely worth it in every sense of the word!
This restaurant BURNT DOWN recently (January)... I was devastated! They will reopen but didn't announce when...
Always a line so call ahead and save yourself some time.The chicken here is legendary, it's like a flavor grenade went off in your mouth. Crispy skin, juicy, juicy chicken and nice spice. I can eat and I usually split a half chicken meal with my partner. It's a half chicken with a salad and a boatload of fries on top. Get the spicy sauce- it's not super spicy but it's very flavorful. Oh, and grab an egg tart for dessert.You must try it!
Wow. I've never seen reviews like this! And I believe they are deserved. You can eat yourself into yummy obesity for only 10$ a day!
Ever since the renovations, the food has changed. The chickens are tiny and not cooked the same way. Hence don't taste the same at all. Neither do their fries. The prices have gone up significantly as well. Very disapointing.There are no more reasons to go out of your way to go to this place any longer. There are better portuguese chicken places in Montreal.---------------------------------------------------Located close to Mount-Royal park, this place is a Montreal classic.  If you're looking for take out,  finger- licking good rotisserie chicken with great salt & pepper fries at a decent price ...Romados is THE place. They also have ribs and other tasty specialties but the chicken is always a winner.  If you're in a rush, you'll want to call and place your order ahead of time. The line up is usually quite long on the weekends. As a native Montrealer, nothing says Summer in Montreal like sitting in the park at the base of the mountain, listening to the drums, people watching and pigging out on Romados chicken with a bottle of passion fruit soft drink.
For 9 $ I had half chicken, salad, rice and an insane amount of fries. It's a good option for not too much money
Very good price for quality , although the dish is not beautiful and french fries look messy but it IS delicious. Yummy.
Best chicken in Montreal and one of the best ever in my life. Get prepared for a serious que though.
My first meal in Montreal and this place didn't disappoint.  The address on the door says 123, there isn't another place around but I was a little confused. The chicken meal was huge and I definitely couldn't finish all of the food I had ordered with the half chicken meal. The chicken itself was delicious, particularly the skin and the sauce that came with it. The chicken didn't ruin chicken for me, as there were some pieces that were far less moist than others, but overall, it was a delicious piece of chicken, perfectly complimented by the soft but flavorful french fries.
The most amazing fries I have ever tasted, and a huge serving for $3.  Sooo good.
Just went back last week to get some crazy-man-on-chicken love. The recent shout-out on Anthony Bourdain's the Layover Montreal episode was well deserved, but will likely make it harder to get a seat going forward. Damn.
The french fries are SO amazing! Seriously one of my favorite fries I've ever had and they give so much! BF got the 1/4 chicken, which he also was raving about. The line was a little long on a Saturday around lunch time and there was no where to sit, but it was totally worth it. BTW - some egg pastry custard thing looked good, but was kind of gross - and I LOVE dessert.
Very very good chicken! However it doesn't touch Dinos in LA.. They should serve it with tortillas rather then bread.
This place serves crack -- in the form of rotisserie chicken and french fries. This is easily the best combo of the two that you can get on Planet Earth. No joke.
The chicken comes in huge proportion compared to the price! please do check it out with an empty stomach.
The best Portuguese chicken in town, period.If you go during the week, try out the chicken sandwich, it's pretty fantastic but not available on the weekend. :(
This place is amazing, I used to go all the time during my days at McGill. The must have menu item is of course the rotisserie chicken (actually grilled over charcoal) doesn't get any better than this, best I've had or probably will have. Comes in many forms, if its only one or two of you go for the plates (quarter chicken, breast or leg, or half chicken, mountain of fries and small salad, rices occasionally available.) Chicken is perfectly cooked, nice and juicy and well seasoned. You have a choice of spicy sauce or mild, word to the wise, go with the spicy (it's not spicy at all actually). Fries are pretty good. Prices are even better. When I started going there it was $4.75 for a quarter chicken plate (enough food to feed a small family). Prices have gone up recently but still absurdly cheap.You should also know that chicken isn't the only thing Romados makes. It's also a bakery! I recommend the rice flour cupcakes/muffins. Awesome, nice and dense but with a fluffy texture.Highly, highly recommended to the Montréal native or visitor.
Guys relax... maybe in Montreal you have St Hubert and that is why you give this place 5 stars...  the chicken is good, ok, but that's it. We tried the calamari and it was suspiciously huge pieces and very salty... the sides are absolutely loaded, too much... so much it is kind of grotesque... So...  get two chickens for a party of 6-8 and then ask for the smallest side of salad and the smallest side of potatoes and that will be more than enough for all your party...
Love the fresh grilled chicken (and you have to adore the scene with a whole row of the little birds being flipped together over fire) but the egg tarts fell pretty flat.
Quite simply: Kick-ass Portuguese chickens.  Get the spicy Peri-peri sauce!  The fries are a tasty side dish.  Great value!Be prepared to wait in line, but it's worth it, and you can peruse the pastries behind the counter to buy some dessert or breakfast for the next day.Perfect for the first night in our vacation apartment, when we weren't ready to cook or go out to a nice restaurant yet.  Will return this summer!
Not necessarily a fancy restaurant, but one of the most memorable meals I've had in Montreal.  It's sometimes tough to find parking, and the line in the restaurant can be long, but the chicken was so tasty that it's worth the extra trouble.
This is pretty well THE BEST chicken place west of Portugal. Every minute you wait in line just build the anticipation until you finally get your platter from the nicest woman in the world (who always hooks you up with extra) and then that first bite... oh that first bite - it's the most satisfying feeling you've ever had. Oh, and what is usually good for two meals will only cost you about $8.00. Well worth the wait, but call in advance if you can't stand the lineups.
If you go to Romados don't wait for a fancy place but for excellent food. This is by far the best barbecued chicken place in Montreal. Saint-Hubert, Scores and other are great places for chicken but Romados takes it to a new level. If you can call before you arrive you will avoid the lineup and will get your chicken faster. The sizes of the portions are unreal and the complementary "pastel de nata" (Portuguese custard pie) and small bun make this meal a true Portuguese experience. I keep returning to Romados as the service is also amazing. A little trick: while they are serving you at the counter make sure you place heavy coins on the wooden tip box and your portion may even increase (ehehe) If you buy portions for parties don't be surprised if you pay for 6 chicken and they give you seven. Romados is the best charcoal Barbecue Chicken in Quebec!
We were visiting montreal for a couple of days, and stumbled upon this little rotisserie place. if you're traveling on a budget, this place is totally worth it! it's local, no fancy digs or anything like that, but the proportions are big. my friend and I split the 1/4 chicken, and it came with rice, french fries, salad, and to top it off, a bread roll. a cheap meal and so filling! the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had.
Overrated chicken. I got the one with spicy oil on it. Honestly I was underwhelmed. The portugese egg tart on the other hand was the BOMB, nice crispy skin and firm filling, so much better than Chinatown egg tarts. I give 5 stars for the pastel de nata, 3 for the chicken.
Why do I try other portugese chicken places?  I should always go here. Always.  PS - they close at 8pm, and may run out of chicken before then, so get there early.
Best food bargain on my trip to Montreal, thanks yelpers for the suggestion. For under $20 we got two half chicken combos and enough tasty chicken and fries to feed us for two meals. I generally don't eat rotisserie chicken skin, but this chicken had me eating everything but the bones. I liked their salt and pepper seasoned fries. I guess we were lucky, we only had to wait a few minutes to order, and got a seat at a table.
With a 1/2 pound of chicken in piri sauce that melted in my mouth, a light salad, and crispy, flavorful fries all for $6, I felt like I was walking out of a rotisserie in Lisbon. "Muito bom."
The line up is worth it.  This is tasty chicken!  Take out highly recommended.  Cheap.
This place totally rocks!  I got the 1/4 thigh combo, which was a huge portion of chicken, a salad, and an enormous amount of seasoned fries.  They pile on the fries OVER the chicken and salad-- the amount of fries is that much.  It also comes with a bread roll, which is very good-- soft and chewy on the inside, and goes great with the chicken.  As for the chicken itself, it was incredible.  Perfectly seasoned and crispy on the outside, and tender and juicy on the inside.  SO good.  PLUS, it's a really good deal.  You get ALL of that food for $5.99 CAD!I also got an egg tart, which is somewhat similar to the Chinese egg tarts.  Compared to the Chinese egg tarts, the filling in the Portuguese style is more creamy and sweet, rather than solid and gelatinous.Highly recommend this place and will be craving to go back.
Sometimes I get a major craving for this chicken, on a portuguese bun or with fries and the homemade hot sauce this little 3 foot women slathers on with a paintbrush. I lived next door to it for twelve months and she made me dinner 5 days a week. I will never forget that place.
Before choosing this place:  These is no real seating available for the hoardes of people who dine here, they only take cash, the chicken is good but not amazing, the fries are average but for the price (around $8.00) it's a good deal in Montreal.  If you are health conscious this is a NO GO place, it is for those who don't mind lots of grease.  The folks that work here are interested in moving the line along, which means the service was nuetral (Be aware also that they speak VERY limited english) but move the line along well.
Quite the experience. Expect a line. Worth the wait.
The only negative about this place are the lineups. I hate waiting for my food even if it is worth the wait.
This place is fantastic.  The menu is limited, but the chicken is tender and flavorful and you get far too much food for your money.  I got the 1/4 chicken which came with rice, fries as well as rolls.  I got my money's worth and then some.
The best value-for-your-money Portuguese place in Montreal. Great chicken and friendly service. A must-see.
Best Chicken ever!!
The chicken is amazing!  The pastel de nata is highly recommended as well.
this place is so good we went back twice in the row. The chicken was amazing and don't forget to get the custard tart. Skip the salad and just go for the whole chicken and small fries (enough for 3 people).
Yum and a great deal!!  Finger licking good chicken!  And give the Portuguese egg tart a try!  The super flaky crust with rich custard filling was delicious!
amazing portuguese-style slowed cooked (smoked) meats and fries. get there early for the specials, which sometimes include rabbit or lamb. and don't ignore the displays: baked goods are good, chorizo is incredible. there are a few places to sit and eat and no table service - only a takeout counter.
pretty tasty chicken and fries! they ran out of rice when i was there.  we also had a tart pastry i forgot which one, but it was pretty good ! overall a rather heavy meal.
Best deal in the plateau. Get the half or quarter chicken plate. The chicken is juicy and they fill your box to the top with fries. I swear the woman who serves you is a saint. Call ahead to avoid the line. Also if you go before two it comes with free dessert.
Dépanneur le Pick-Up is one of my favorite places in Montreal of all times for so many reasons, part of those reasons being that there's no other place like it in the city. It's located on a quiet residential street and attracts literally every single type of person from hipster to gangster and everything in between. It's a cross between a good old dep and a diner, with a zine rack and an array of weird knick-knacks.  The coffee is really good and so is the food. Also, le Pick-Up takes the cake for best pulled-pork sandwich I've ever tasted. Worldwide. Yep.**It's always packed so be prepared to wait for your food. Lots of outdoor seating in the summer time so you can enjoy a coffee while you wait.
There is nothing like the pick up. Nothing. Go there. Now. Eat everything. Best drip coffee ever. I live nearby specifically to eat here more. I bring all my friends and out of town guests here. I always make a bet "if you don't love it, I'll pay" -- I've never lost.
I loved the green salad (misnomer - lots of color), the Chipotle Club Sandwich - substantial and tasty. I tasted 4 of the sweets all yum! As much a treat as the handsome young man serving was to my eyes. My friend had the Steak sub and enjoyed it immensely. I bought a Tom Green Milk beer and McKeon Sparkling Cranberry Cider (to be savoured likely this weekend) .Enjoyed the curios which had me flashing back to my childhood and the contrast of gourmet gourmande vibe of the micro brews & assortment of organic eatz & drinks.
This gem has now become widely known in Montreal. But despite being more mainstream, they have definitely kept their hipster roots. This is a perfect place to grab a sandwich to go or enjoy it on their terrace on a summers day. I highly recommend the grilled halloumi cheese sandwich as well as the vege pulled pork. Both are unique and spectacular. Also notable are their baked goods and homemade lemonade.
A classic of the Mile-end, let us hope that they continue to serve pulled pork in unpretentious surroundings well into the future.
Love it. This is a depanneur in the mile ex area that doubles up as a restaurant but I think most people come for the food. I've ordered from both their breakfast and lunch menus. Never been disappointed. Service is always excellent and unassuming. As for the food, I love their beef burgers, chipotle club, potatoes and quinoa salad. There is a daily menu that varies from day to day. They also have amazing lattes and desserts. This place tends to get busy during meal times so be prepared to wait or to order for takeout.
Very cute/cool place.  I was at Stade Uniprix for tennis (Rogers Cup) and instead of eating there, we decided to take a short walk to find some REAL food.  So glad we did!  We would've never come here otherwise!  Delicious sandwiches for under ten bucks.  We tried the special of the day (Cuban), the pulled pork, and the steak sub.  Yummy!!!Lots of seating outside so hang out for awhile.  Do expect to wait a bit for your food as it is being prepared to order.
This little unassuming neighbourhood spot serves some great sandwiches! They are a small little grocery shop with limited indoor seating and a patio. The sandwiches areade to order and they're busy. The orders kept coming in while I was waiting for mine and it wasn't even during peak hours. The halloumi was good; loved the squeaky cheese and the flavors. Hubby had the steak and said it was great.
Amazing faux pulled pork. Sweet and tucked away and cheap but high quality food and don't tell but they totally have $1.25 bottomless drip coffee. If they only had more seating I'd bring 10 friends at once! But you're right in the dep, which is equal parts of charming and annoying.
Tried the burger, steak sous marine & pulled pork!!! All very delicious. Cookies are to die for
My mechanic suggests I wait the hour at "a cool dep/café down the street". Dubious about what "cool" means to him.... Well Hello Dolly!!!  Hello Twilight Zone Pit-stop Heaven!  Vintage dépanneur with diner counter & sweet terrace. Understated, wholesome neighbourhood secret sweet spot. Good people, doing good things, in a great way.
i know the place is freaking awesome! i love the place but i always forget to review it. maybe its because i want to keep it to myself. well, free of tourists ;pplace is a diner that looks like the kind of place you'd drive by in the nevada desert or on your way to mexico city. or maybe the kind of place guy fieri would go to. you know, a hole in the wall that does good food.so, i've had their faux pulled pork, that turkey sandwich, the good old cold cut sandwich either on bread or croissant, their lamb burger week entry and probably other items i'm forgetting.besides the lamb burger that somehow got dried, the rest are that good!the faux pulled pork needs no introduction besides its one messy sloppy delicious sandwich. see, vegetarian food doesn't have to taste like they just harvest it and rinse it under water.. the faux pork is made with jackfruit. i know the recipe but haven't been able to find water brine jackfruit instead of the syrup one you find at most asian grocery stores..as for the turkey sandwich, its like that christmas store in old montreal. holidays all year long! what's not to love? those christmasy flavor together in your mouth *drool*no comment on the cold cut sandwich. its a good old plain cold cut sandwich. simple yet satisfying.besides the food, there's the dep part of the place with the regular fare you can find at most convenient store except that it carries better and most definitely healthier food related items.don't let the place turn you away. it may sound like a hipster place but its really not. you'll meet all kind of people depending on the day and time of your visit.
Best place in the world. The food is ridiculous. Unique and delicious. If you like sweets get the lemon squareThere's a super cute terrasse out backAlthough tables are a little hard to come by as it getsPretty busyStaff is great, good is great, definitely one of my favourite spots to eat
Hells yes to the faux pulled pork sandwich! The only real issue with being a vegetarian is that I always feel left out while my friends have a big meaty paw of a sandwich and I am stuck with what looks like cat food from a tin can smooshed between two lame pieces of bread. Thanks to Le Pick-Up, I too can now have a huge 'meaty' sandwich in my paw! The chipotle mayo and banana peppers provided a nice kick and the bread was perfection: toasted and delicious. My meat-eating lunch mate couldn't get over the texture of the tofu, said it was exactly like real porc. The staff here are friendly and fun, the tunes were cranked and we scored a picnic table right by the door. I love this place! Bonus: the cookies and lemon bars are divine and they have a huge range of condoms available...why? Who knows, but hey, you can never be too careful!
Nice joint! Take the best-selling pulled pork sandwich and you will be satisfied! It's nice, juicy, fresh and has an amazing taste! I would recommend to take home potatoes as side dish. After taking this lunch you will be thinking  about a nap :-)
The pulled pork sandwich is awesome. I've tried a couple of pulled pork sandwiches all over the US and surprisingly, this place takes the cake. Well balanced with pickles, mayo, pickled banana peppers and cole slaw...crunchy yet airy bread...It was great. The Pick-Up also sells a small variety of ginger beers, which was a big plus for me / a wonderful surprise. If you're in this neighborhood, you MUST try it out. Plus this place is a stone's throw from Jean Talon market, I recommend visiting both in a single outing.Price: $7.50
As long as you don't mind feeling like the hipster you know you are, dear Yelp reader, this place is awesome. We were staying in the old town and Ubered out to this place for lunch because we had heard good things. It was well worth it. Awesome pulled pork sandwich, awesome hallumi sandwich, awesome lemonade and pleasant seats outside. Lots of talk at the table next to us about getting some "studio time" to "lay down some tracks", so in addition to having really good sandwiches, Le Pickup must also be really cool.PS, there's a bike station right next to the shop.
Wow! Everything was fantastic--it may be an off-beat location, but definitely worth the effort.
Great neighbourhood joint. We keep going back and back. I've had many things on the menu, and it's always good. Great service, great atmosphere and great food.The veggie pulled pork sandwich is a dream. My favourite sandwich in the world. I get cravings for it, I go, and am never disappointed. Please note that I'm not a vegetarian, and still prefer the veggie option. It's just so good. Oh, and they'll serve it on corn tortillas if you want to switch it up sometime.
Are you a vegetarian? Do you like delicious sandwiches? Of course you do. Go here. Eat all the sandwiches. Veggie pulled pork. Grilled Halloum. Breakfast sandwich with veggie ham.I'm sure it's delicious if you're a meat eater too, but I don't care about that.Bonuses - cute atmosphere. lovely staff. also a dep, for all your snack/beer/minor household needs.
one of the best casual brunches out there. delicious, cheap, friendly and fun. they're happy to turn anything veggie or vegan if you ask, but the pulled pork is famous. love the sunny terrace!
On my first day in Montreal, having done my research, I dragged my resident friend to Le Pick Up.Oh. My. Goodness.Admittedly, I've been a vegetarian for most of my life and as such have never eaten pulled pork before. I'm not really sure what it's supposed to taste like, but if it tastes anything like the incredible faux pulled porc I had here, then I certainly understand the hype. It was so sweet, sour, tangy and spicy. Amazing flavours and perfect crusty bread at a good price. Not to mention, babely eye candy behind the counter taking your order and serving up the goods. The tables outside are a lovely addition to this kitschy neighbourhood deps.I will definitely be back here before my trip to Montreal is over.
Le Pick Up (a very artsy deps in Montreal) is my target for lunch today! Well-received Faux (veggie "porc") pulled pork is a must-eat here! Awesome! I have never eaten a vegetarian pull pork, replacing pork with chinese vegetarian bean-curd to allow for the shredding pulled pork texture! Then topped with tangy and spicy sauce, caraway seeds, pepper, preserved pickle, sweet chili, jalapeño, caramelized onions, vinegary slaw stuffed high between 2 slices of chewy bun! It's a mammoth, my $6.75 was well spent! Service is prompt but expect to wait for 15 minutes to get your items whipped up on a weekend. They even send us a bottle of ice water with clean cups while waiting at the empty communal table, so thoughtful! I guess the heat wave is driving me crazy these days in Montreal but nothing beats this crazier yummy creation by Le Pick-up.The inner space is a little cramped but the patio has a couple of dining tables and seats as well as in the "secret garden" at the backyard. I saw a stairway leading to a second level which I do not know if another dining hall exist? The place is just full of artsy vibes!!!!  If you are looking to get some cookies, condiments, canned items, they have a few on the shelve, I am seeing my fave maple cookies that I almost sweep it into my bag! I now figured why they are called dépanneur, because they started out as a convenient store! Cool!!
One of my two favorite breakfast/brunch/lunch places in Little Italy. When I go, I often get the veggie pulled pork (AMAZING, and tastes almost identical to their meat version), but have tried many different things, all consistently good. The breakfast crepes are delish. Its just a really good place for breakfast or lunch, lots of outdoor seating in the summer, and a great atmosphere. They keep it real with good vibes.
You know how heroin addicts always need their next fix? Well, I kind of feel that way about Le Pick-Up's faux pulled "porc". It is seriously the most glorious thing sandwiched between two buns. I am actually salivating as I write this and cannot wait until the next time I sink my teeth into it's edible deliciousness. The best part is that it's not tofu that they use but jack fruit for their "porc". Where they find jackfruit, I'm not sure. One day I will take the time out of my day to find out but for now I depend on Le Pick-Up for my fixture. The staff is always friendly and they have fridges full of cool drinks like Curiosity Cola and what not. I like Boylan's Ginger Ale which they keep in stock. I could shower in it.There are other sandwiches as well, but unfortunately I know nothing about them so its for you to find out. One of my friends swears by their tuna sandwiches and it runs out fast so best go early if you wanna dig into this fish sandwich.Side note: A lot of people think the faux pulled "porc" is vegan but there is mayo in this sandwich so its best to skip the sauce if you wanna keep it "ethical" for all you vegans out there.
Awesome food from a converted retro dep hidden away in a quiet side street near Little Italy. Vegetarian pulled pork sandwich is sublime. Staff are super friendly and interesting.
Co-owned by Bernadette Houde aka Bernie Bankrupt of the seminal Montreal electro act Lesbians on Ecstasy and Penny Patterson, this chill corner store / diner seats about 30 in the summer and 8 in the winter, serves what is perhaps the world's best veggie pulled pork, stocks a great selection of organic snacks and hand-stapled zines, and continuously reinvents itself as a multi-purpose art experience. Featured in New York Times T Magazine - tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.…
Went today for lunch after hearing very good reviews from friends. It did not disappoint. I had the special which was a lemongrass beef sandwich with Kim-chi. It was so good! my friend had the pulled pork that looked really awesome. Although, I've REALLY thirsty ever since. The atmosphere is very laid-back casual but clean. Waiters were great. Very friendly and checking up with us often to make sure everything was good.I will definitely go back again.
Wonderful.  I was enchanted at once the first time I walked in here upon sight of the inexplicable gigantic toothbrush.  This is in fact a depanneur, but they have a sweet little kitchen to pump out delicious meaty (or not) savory meals.  Upon sampling every sandwich on the menu (not in the first visit) I'd have to say that the winner is a tie between the Club Chipotle (club sandwich with chipotle sauce) and the Post-Reveillon (turkey and cranberry!).  Of the two times I had the pulled pork, it unfortunately varied.  My first was not nearly moist and flavorful as it should have been, yet the second time (when Beaver was in the kitchen) it was deeeelicious and perfect.  My plate was a mess and I licked it clean.  In public.I have as of yet to try the soups nor the salads, but I surely will sometime soon.A solid place for cheap and filling eats to show your out of town friends a little slice of Trouvé-seulement-à-Montréal" dining or just to meet up with local friends for a delightful bite.  Nice and hidden so the dummies from McGill can't find it as it's located outside of the McGill "Ghetto."
i live for places like this and if there was one in my neighborhood I would go there every day. It's an eatery hidden inside a convenience store with a fresh, delicious, and inexpensive menu. Try the 'pulled porc' and you will not be disappointed. Downsides: seating is limited, wait times are long, and it's best to bring cash but the food is worth it. You're welcome.
Just wanted to say thank you for having a booth set up at Osheaga. A place where apparently not eating meat is the hugest imposition ever.  I couldnt do another pizza cone or overpiced dagwood sandwich by the third day and you guys saved me. The vegetarian pulled pork was my first time trying fake pulled pork but it was great. I dug the extra stringy/chewy texture since most fake meat isn't as "hearty." The bun and dressings also added a nice presentation to it. It felt like I was eating a super manly and substantial sandwich, which is not often something you get when ordering vegetarian sandwiches. (see: every place that has a "vegetarian" option which means scattered un-seasoned roasted vegetables on a piece of bread.)
Best pulled pork in the city, hands down - including the vegetarian version, which is delicious! They also make a fantastic iced coffee and have a super charming little patio in the back, which is the perfect place to spend a sunny Saturday morning. The kind of amazing in-between place that makes me adore Montreal. Just don't all go swarming the place, because this is my favourite neighbourhood spot!
This is Le Pick Up's claim to fame. Slow roasted pulled pork sandwich in barbecue sauce, served with grilled peppers, coleslaw on a Portuguese style bun. REALLY tasty. Straight up. There was a certain zing to the barbecue sauce and it was complimented perfectly with the crunchy slaw directly in the sandwich. All it was missing was fries and they could have called it a "Po'Garçon".
Lunchtime might be busy here but I enjoy the hustle and bustle of sitting at the counter and chatting with the chef while watching my food being made. Once you're a regular here, you'll get treated like family. Try the powermade in the summer: a delicious homemade hibicus iced tea, or try one of the best iced coffees in town (add your own sugar and milk! tasty espresso! ) During the week, if Michael made the soup of the day, always order it, he's amazing at it. Best breakfast sandwich ever: your choice of ham, bacon, cheddar or veggie ham, a fried egg, your choice of bread (including corn tortillas) lettuce, tomato, mayo- but they'll always let you add things for a few extra cents (i say do bacon AND cheddar, make the mayo chipotle and add hot peppers). This place is loud but friendly- if you're in town and you don't know anybody, here are some very sweet and funny people who will make you feel like you're among friends.
Hidden, Tasty and Friendly.
Yum, stop by this place to pick up some delicious pulled pork sandwiches on your way to/from the market.  So good.
Chez Boris, I am a huge fan!!!  This small little cafe offers the freshest Russian doughnuts, great coffee (Kittel and 49th Parallel), and teas (PureTea).  I had a Pour Over coffee, which was made strong and smooth; organic cream was provided so you can pour to your heart's content.  The hubs had a Chai Latte - this was creamy, yummy, and made with the house's chai concentrate - it was lovely and had the perfect amount of spice!  We also shared their famous beignes, which comes in 3 different flavors: Sugar, Cinnamon/Sugar/Cloves, and Chocolate.  We opted for the Sugar and the Cinnamon/Sugar/Cloves - these donuts were made-to-order, super fresh, and super delicious!  The sugar one was simple, but my favorite was the Cinnamon/Sugar/Cloves, as it had the right amount of kick from the cloves and had a nice spice tint to it.  These were addicting, and I can see why most of the patrons ordered a big bowl of it while they worked!  Service was super sweet, friendly, and lovely, and the place has a nice comfortable vibe to it - slightly dark, but plenty of tables where you can plug-in, use their free wi-fi, and do some work/studying.  Lots of local art pieces on the wall, and I really liked their Super NES console holding the cafe's business cards :P  Definitely a place not to be missed! :D+fresh Russian donuts :D :D :D+makes own Chai concentrate :D+Chai Latte+friendly service! :D+free wi-fi+unisex bathroom
Chez Boris is a really cool coffee shop that has the added pro of having some of the greatest doughnuts in the city. They may not be as fancy and as eccentric as some other spots in the city but they are simply delicious. Small enough to be practically bite size, which is an issue because they are very addictive. The place it self doesn't look like anything special when you walk in, but I think that is on purpose. It all adds to the appeal of this little coffee shop and I think it is the main reason it is always packed with people studying and just chilling. If I had to give an atmosphere to it, I would describe it as more of a fun hipster like environment then other quieter, peaceful coffee shops. It's one of those places where you have conversations with everyone around you rather than just sitting in the corner with your earphones on. Great spot and a must try !
Great place!!!! We had a Yelp Elite event to taste their new Friday-Saturday "after dark" dinner menu. I decided to come back on my own the following week! Featuring TACOS $4 for 1, $7.50 for 2. Healthy and tasty is their objective. The dinner is different every week.They made meat taco and a veggie taco that night, I went for two beef tacos. Very tasty. The restaurant smelled delicious. Just a warning that their dinner is very, very, very small. Tapas style.I was there to study, similar to so many people. There is one communal table and many four-person tables. Well... you could separate the tables and they become two-person tables. Anyways, if you're alone (like so many Chez Boris customers), you can sit with another lonely stranger and share the space. Chez Boris is sometimes crowded and sometimes not. It's really just luck. Customers at Chez Boris tend to stay longer but they are very nice and will happily share the table. The WiFi unfortunately is extremely slow.The staff at Chez Boris are fantastic!!!! With the After Dark event (which is a dinner and a short horror film) they turn off the lights and quiet the room. I was the odd person studying with an actual book!!! and papers and pencil, not a laptop. They gave me a personal lamp so I can keep on reading during the film!!! That's so kind! I turned off the lamp after 5 minutes into the film, I felt awful keeping this bright light.Donuts are freshly made and delicious. $0.90 for one or $4.50 for 6. You can't beat this! I love the chocolate ones. I also had their donut sandwich with egg and bacon for $7. SO DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!I love it here! I love Chez Boris for the vibe and the donuts, and also the dinner if you stick around after 7pm.
I've been to Chez Boris a few times now, it's a great space to get a good coffee and get some work done.  I have tried the fresh donuts, the cinnamon sugar are my favourite. Its really special to be able to grab fresh donuts in the middle of winter, and not have to wait for a fair in the summertime. I was always slightly apprehensive to try a beignewich, but am really happy that I did.  I had the breakfast sandwich: egg, cheese, and bacon in between 2 donuts. It was just as delicious as it sounds.  I have definitely avoided going back since I don't want to make donut sandwiches a habit. But I am looking forward to returning to try a different beignewich in the future.. the pork belly one sounded awesome but wasn't on the menu at the time.
Cute little cafe on Parc! Walked past it before and knew I had to come back, especially with the check-in deal on Yelp! I arrived an hour after opening and while it fairly open then, it got busier quickly with people coming in and out for food and drinks. Their menu is small but suits the cafe-goers needs. I had the iced chai tea latte, which could be made stronger upon request (and which I did request), the beignewich, and a sugar donut and cinnamon donut. The iced chai latte was nice and spicy, but creamier than I normally like. The beignewich was delicious and very rich and filling, definitely a must-try on the menu. The donuts were delicious and you can tell (and see in the kitchen!) that they're made fresh.The inside space is adorable, with a sort of industrial Russian feel to it. Lots of good seating for chatting, eating, and getting good work done. Love the decorative lights hanging from the ceilings and posters and art on the wall. Definitely would and will recommend!
An eclectic Russian donut shop that's great for solo dining or groups.  Come in and try the beigne breakfast sandwich along with some good espresso to start your day . I also had the beets borsch which was rich, savory and full of beets and cabbage.
Nice cafe. Had a really nice time there meeting up with some friends. The coffee was OK and so were the donuts. The hot chocolate wasn't hot enough, but this happens in many establishments in Montreal. It's a self service place, no waiters. The crowed was young. Lots of laptops. It was relatively quite and very suitable for conversation. We may be back.
We arrived a few minutes too late after the kitchen closed, so the beignewichs were not available. However the friendly guy behind the counter offered to whip up some sweet doughnuts for us instead. That gesture was enough to have me coming back the next day.And so we did!What we really came for were the infamous: Beignewiches. Order 1) Smoked salmon, capers, creme fraiche, cucumbers, cherry tomatoesOrder 2) Pulled pork belly, sprouts, scallions and hoisin sauceBoth served on savory doughnuts buns.IMAGINE THAT.I loved that the doughnuts were made to order. The beignewiches came out steaming hot -- tongue-burnable. The doughnut sandwiches were not overly saturated with bold flavors, but just enough to leave the palate wanting for more... and more. They also gave us a healthy sampling of a Russian salad that they were working on adding to their menu. Again, outstanding.Thanks for the great service and delicious beignewiches!
Came to brunch, bcz I heard about  their "beignewich" somewhere.simple and fresh donuts, appealing price, creative menu (it's a pity, they only had beignewich with pork), pleasant and polite service, lots places to relax, fashionably worn-out style decoration, free wifi.but what's most impressive for me was that they give a lot of care on each of their works (brewing coffee, frying donuts, presenting plates...). they really try to serve each one of us a cup of fresh coffee, fresh baked bacon, fresh fried donuts... everything fresh. I fell in love with their hospitality, I will come back to spend more time there next time.
You should really go try their donuts if you haven't already. They also have donut sandwiches that are quite tasty as well. Chez Boris has pretty good service and great coffee as well to go with your donuts. The cafe is usually full of people working on their laptops so it may be difficult to get a good seat. The hipster cafe is in a great neighbourhood of Montreal, so make sure to put this cafe on your to do list!
Great coffee - get a cappuccino or espresso but don't get the Cafe Solvetique. It tastes like thinned out soviet coffee and has sugar. BUT with coffee you get 2 freshly made donuts at no charge  if you get there before 10am.
I absolutely love this café! Their donuts are amazing and affordable, the service is quick even when they're making a fresh batch of their donuts plus the staff is really nice
Nice donut and chai latte that what i had .Tell u something u dont Get more fresh Then that !!!
After hearing so many wonderful things about Chez Boris, now I completely understand why it has such a wonderful reputation. They are known mostly for their doughnuts, and they are truly as good as it gets. It's a basically buttery dough rolled and made all by hand. Fried in oil by hand as well. This truly a place that focuses more on quality over quantity. Also, they are not at all pricey. The place is very relaxed, great background music, with a wonderful ambiance by their clients. Both the place, the staff and, their homemade doughnuts are an absolute delight. A hot chocolate is an absolute must! Which they make a fantastic hot chocolate or coffees as well. A must try spot!
Tiny donuts. They're warm and decent, but I wouldn't say they're good, but small price to pay to use the washroom.
I went here after reading all the amazing reviews and was a little underwhelmed. The place looks like it's really just worn-down and in need of some renovating. I ordered a mixed basket of donuts and a tea and found the donuts to be a little hard and the tea to be very average. Definitely not a bad place but I really wasn't excited by it. Maybe I'll be more convinced after a second try - not sure just yet!
We made a special stop on our way out of town for the phenomenal pork belly beignet sandwich on the advice of a foodie friend.  Wow.  The fresh fried dough complemented the tangy sweet sauce, green onions and hot flavorful pork to perfection!  Better yet, the cappuccino was also expertly crafted.  For those interested in just a cup to dip fresh beignets into, it won't disappoint.  But seriously, go whole hog and get the pork belly sandwich.  The setting of this eclectic hipster cafe includes friendly service, free wifi, and a sunny storefront.  The bathroom was clean.  We will definitely be back!
Found out about their beignet special this morning (2 freebies with coffee before 10a) and happily chowed down two delicious morsels as I read my book on the comfy couch. It's a great space for working, socializing or quiet time. The staff is always friendly, there's usually plenty of space to sit, the food is fresh and yummy and I've always just felt at home here. Thanks for being so awesome!
A Chili con Car... No carne ? Beets ? Well... Ok sure, why not.*first bite* : OH MY GOD YESSo yeah I had a "chili con beets" and it was awesome, really.So not only do they have some pretty decent donuts (chocolate, cinnamon or plain sugar, an excuse to eat three when you get there) they also make some pretty interesting meals, I don't need to say more, you'll see the pictures posted on here and you'll be like : Damn !Damn indeed.
I actually met "the" Boris at a Yelp event ages ago. I was so surprised that a donut shop would exist in Montreal, I always kept it in the back of my mind to check it out. Sadly other things got in the way, and after I missed their one-of-a-kind poutine, I decided that was enough!So I went on a beautiful Sunday, and got myself a salmon beignewich (a sandwich where donuts replace the bread) and kvass (fermented apple juice). All was delicious, especially the kvass - totally unexpected. The donuts are homemade, in plain sight, a couple of minutes before being eaten, so they are light and crisp! My only little gripe was that the sour cream in the beigne (too much of it, and a bit cold). I'd love to go back soon and taste the rest of their offerings!Also, pack lightly, the place is cramped!
Heard SO MUCH about Chez Boris before heading there when I was on the verge of 'hangry'dom' the other day. I've sampled their home made donuts at a few events and they are quite nice although I'm more a fan of light fluffy yeast donuts and they are on the heavy dense side of the donut spectrum. The atmosphere was sweet and the servers were relaxed and warm but my order being filled was on the slow side. I ordered the savoury breakfast sandwich - smoked trout, cream and donuts. It was, of course, on the heavy side, but more than that surprisingly bland. No lemon, no capers...very little flavor. Perhaps it was an off day or that's not their specialty but was honestly a little disappointed. Would return for a coffee though (smelled delicious).
Loved this place!!!  Terrific espresso, delicious doughnuts made to order, friendly staff, board games, books, and plenty of couches, chairs, and tables to hang out at.  A great place for families with children looking for a place to relax at on a weekend morning.  Did I mention the terrific espresso and delicious doughnuts?!?
Came to chez boris with my friend every other morning when we studied abroad in Montréal.  Their ice coffee was absolutely delicious, their donuts were freshly made and tasted like heaven (especially the plain and chocolate donuts) but what really surprised me was how good their pierogi were. I grew up eating authentic polish and russian pierogis but theirs are just as yummy (the addition of dill sauce is awesome). To top it all off the prices were affordable and there was wifi!
We stopped by Chez Boris for breakfast on Wednesday morning around 930. The barista suggested that we each take advantage of the free doughnuts they were offering. Apparently, they had a special going on that if you came in between 830 - 10, you got two free doughnuts for free. We tried the chocolate, cinnamon sugar and sugar. They were fresh and delicious. I also had the sovietique cafe. The coffee wasn't bad. My boyfriend got the breakfast sandwich. I finished the sandwich, and although not healthy, it was delicious. There is plenty of seating, plugs and wifi. I would definitely return!
Chez Boris -  a Hipster joint @ Parc & Fairmont. Though I'm not a big fan of the hipster scenario (Maybe I'm too old for it), I decided to give this place a try. Their specialty, Doughnut sandwiches!!! Sounds out of this world?  It is. We tried the pulled pork doughnut & the cured Salmon doughnut sandwich. The doughnuts aren't too sweet, so you can taste the meaty flavors without the sweetness overpowering it.They taste really interesting. Also all the doughnuts are made onsite. After finishing our sandwiches, we were in a food coma. I donut wanna talk bout it. Tired of the "hole" thing.  Definitely worth a visitFood : GoodService :Friendly Ambiance : CasualWorth the price : Yes
Found Chez Boris on yelp before arriving to MTL and had it on my "must try list."Came here for 'brunch' on a Tuesday morning around 11am. I am def a fan of the hipster green-thumb decor! The donuts are called beignets, Russian term. I already forgot how to pronounce it (my bad!). The pulled pork beignet sandwich was totally legit, the hoisin sauce paired well, especially with the beignets hot and fresh! My bf had the egg & bacon beignets sandwich, equally good. The coffee served was the MTL staple. We wanted to try the regular donuts, but we were stuffed. Cool art on the walls, assorted random board games, random table map decor, and strong Wifi. We wanted to buy one of the posters behind the counter as a MTL souvenir,  but they were sold out :(
I'm not really a donut fan, but when it comes to Chez Boris donuts, I cant really stop eating them! They have 3 types: sugar, cinnamon and chocolate donuts, but my favorite is the cinnamon one, especially when its warm and just made. Their donuts are always fresh! If you go there for a coffee, or to study, they have a really nice place and a lovely decoration, and will start making the donuts there just in front of you!
I ordered a cup of black coffee and 4 beignets. The beignets were two and a half inches in diameter. They were generously coated with sugar, cinnamon and cloves. The coffee was as deep and dark as the Forêt de Compiègne on a moonless night. Simply delightful!
Great neighbourhood meeting place. The coffee is excellent, and the environment is laid-back. The doughnuts are tasty and I really enjoy the dinner themes/events they do sometimes.
I always go for the fresh doughnuts. Be ready to wait as they are cooked to order but they are so yummy and well worth the wait. I get a mix - half of them tossed in sugar and half of them tossed in cinnamon and sugar. Be ready to burn your mouth a bit because you won't be able to wait to consume these delicious pockets of fried dough. Make sure to grab napkins and it can be a little messy to eat. I love eating them while walking around the plateau. A great snack to keep the energy up.
Freshly Made to Order Donuts!They were just so delicious and just made my hike worth my while.Vanilla, Dark Chocolate and Sugar (@ 80 cents) were all so good. Warm and Fluffy, not too oily and not too sweet. Perfect with my coffee. I can eat a dozen myself no problem.. but I guess I shouldn't...Chez Boris has quite a laid back vibe. Free Wifi and of course a lot of people with laptops hanging out here for hours....
Their donuts are perfect in all ways. We've looked for great donuts in Montréal for a long time with no luck until we found Chez Boris. They come in 3 flavors, all fresh from the fryer right in front of you: sugar, cinnamon, and chocolate sprinkles.
Holy crow I love it here, I love the donuts and I love the Boris. First let's talk about everything but the obvious: Friendly, bright mellow place with big windows on Parc Ave and comfy mismatched chairs and a lending library. Plays hosts to events for good causes, good conversations, even the occasional sing along. The coffee is outstanding - I'll take a lovely latte or shot of espresso when the mood strikes, but if I can get a truly good cup of filter coffee that's my poison of choice, and Boris uses the 49th parallel beans to make you an individual cup dripped fresh in front of your face and smelling and tasting like awesome. OK, now the donuts. These are made in front of you every time. Tiny hot little darlins served in a basket, not heavy or oily or too sweet. The not too sweet basic flavour is key to the magic things Boris does with these donuts, turning them into a base for innovations like donut poutine, donut au canard, donuts with cream cheese and smoked salmon, and more. Go try, check the chalk board, hang out and give the smiling gents behind the counter a high five.
Donuts made fresh to order! Pretty good, but the ones we had from Cremy Patisserie outdo them by far. Nonetheless, chez boris has a cutesy fun atmosphere, and is a great place to come with a friend or a book -- or both!
I heard so many good things about the doughnuts at Chez Boris and I had a great expectation - it was a rather disappointing experience. It's not a bad thing you get to eat a freshly fried doughnuts but I didn't think it would take 10 - 15 mins to prepare, and the outcome was very mediocre. We ordered two doughnuts and came in very different sizes. The taste was good, any fresh fried dough wouldn't be bad unless you burn it - but really, it tasted like a doughnut I made for a Home Ec class when I was a kid. Not impressed at all. The cafe itself has a cool indie vibe but needs some improvements at the same time - looks a bit worn out. If you crave doughnuts, any Polish bakery or Dunkin Donuts would be a better option.
Went back yesterday night, the donuts were delicious like the first day. What made it even better is the extremely good service I received. I just bought a couple of donuts but the man behind the counter was so nice, I left with a smile (and two piping hot delicious donuts). Thank you!
They have a big sign outside claiming to have the best donuts in Montreal which I think hurts their credibility more than anything else. While they're good, they don't stand out particularly. However, two of my companions ordered the "beignewich" with eggs and hickory smoked bacon which they raved about. The decor is nice - it's a nice place to relax with friends. They have a few popular board games such as Monopoly, Scrabble, Cranium and jigsaw puzzles. They have a few books as well.
We discovered Chez Boris by a fluke. We were on Yelp and found that they had a great beignet. We were nearby so decided to give it a go! The beignets did NOT disappoint. We ordered the cinnamon and clove sugar beignets and they were amazing. They are small so order 2-3 for yourself. They come in a cool brown paper bag. The atmosphere was very Russian, which I loved growing up in Russia. The coffee was just okay.4 stars for the beignets!
Tried the cinnamon donut. Sadly a chain like Krispy Kreme is better. The donut is small given the price.The Lattes are terrible and bitter. I threw mine in the garbage as soon as I left the store.The decor was nice and the parking is difficult given the location on Parc.
If there's one thing I like in an espresso, it's that it works. Bo knows!Staff are friendly, fast and (look like they're having) fun. Sometimes it's packed, but if you need some room to sit and download torrents, it's a rad spot. Coffee is real and properly made, and everyone seems to dig their donuts. They have latkes too, which is impressive.
Amazing Donuts at fair price for the taste , they have a great selection of society games  and a good light temperament . The bad side must be the high price for a quite normal coffee and the lack of products .
I hate to give one star but it's usually a bad sign when you have to ask for your money back due to a restaurant's inability to fill an order. What we did get were two donuts that looked good but were so yeasty they taste like deep-fried beer. Now some people may like that but I didn't care for it. As for the rest of our order, it never came, hence the refund. Service was very confused here.
I wanted my 100th Yelp review to be a good one and a good one it shall be!  After hearing so many positive things about Chez Boris I knew I had to go.  Normally I am not a fan of doughnuts but that's because when you normally only ever have them from Tim's (as I do) you have no idea what you're missing out on.   Chez Boris has changed the way I see doughnuts though.  What makes the experience even better?  The prices are very reasonable for the product you get.I ordered a latte and a cinnamon doughnut which was made fresh to order so it was piping hot.  It was sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar and tasted divine.  The exterior was nice and crispy and the interior was soft and chewy.  I think if I had opted for a half dozen or dozen to take home for the next few days they would have been gone in a heartbeat!  The latte was also pretty good.The staff are friendly and the service is good.  I'd highly recommend this place and I know I'll be back for sure.
This place is great. Apparently they serve Russian donuts, but all I know for sure is they serve Awesome donuts here.The coffee is good too, and the combination of caffeine and donut is hard to top. My favourite is the 'blueberry berliner'. It's not that fake blueberry stuff you get in EVERY OTHER BLUEBERRY DONUT YOU'VE EVER HAD - it's the real deal.The staff here are really cool too. It's a good place to come and chill and get some work done. Highly recommended if you're anywhere near by.
The Russian donuts were pretty good and the Soviet coffee was good. Vintage Russian food selection was limited.The only thing that I didn't like was the fact the people who work here are not Russian which is very misleading. I came to Chez Boris expecting to see some Russian people and have Russian food. So having ordinary non-Russian bland people working there is a thumbs down for me.Not sure if I will go back to this place.
The internet is fast, the pierogis are tasty, the staff is friendly, the decorations are hella cute.
I arrived at Chez Boris at 9am with my kid in his stroller, and was delighted to find the place almost empty. When you have a toddler, you're always fearful of crowded places where your little hellion is going to wreak havoc and get you kicked out, or at the very least, scorned for all eternity with the burning stink-eye of the proprietors. Not so here. We went to the counter, ordered a coffee, two donuts, and a glass of milk, and pulled up to the big, well-worn couch to enjoy. I plopped the kiddo down and stripped off the ten million layers of outergear that one must dress your child in to avoid hypothermia in this city, and the barista/donutmistress brought us our treats. Fantastic. Crispy, hot, tender donuts with sugary topping, a nice drip coffee, and the milk was a hit with the kid. We sat there, eating our donuts, drinking our beverages, and giving a last read-through to the books we planned to return to the Mile-End library down the road, and I thought, this is as close to perfect as it gets. Afterward, we looked at the Snakes and Ladders game they had on the table, and studied some of the old maps plastered on other tables. Great atmosphere, great space (enough room for a stroller! hallelujah!), and great fare. They even open early enough to enjoy a treat before the library opens. Fantastic.
The coffee is delicious and the waitstaff is adorable. It's a cozy atmosphere too. What's not to love? I gotta go back and try those donuts.
Fresh DEEP FRIED Doughnuts!     ~OILY DEEP FRYER~I brought WARM freshly topped Beignes Sucres to my table.      Where's my Cannelle et Clou de Girofle? ( O O O ).  An Unidentified Assailant raided 1 of 3 Doughnuts ( O O ).                                        Come on~ I wanted to find out what "Cannelle et Clou de Girofle" was!Next time I meet Jennifer "raider" K, I'll take her Foie Gras. Let her know how -=délicieux=- it was afterwards.   :PFRESH  + DEEP + FRIED + DOUGHNUTS  =  + 4.0 *star*COFFEE + LINE UP + SEAT SITUATION     =  - 0.5 *star*                                                CHEZ BORIS  =  Trois.Cinq *star*
Yummy donuts. They are made a la minute, so if you are ever in need of a warm, light and fresh donut you will never be let down. Only complaint I have is the cleanliness of the place; I live in the Mile-End so I like the antique and mismatched vibe however I don't like the idea of my food being handled by the same person who gives me back my change. Besides that it's a cute place and I will definitely be back when I need to satisfy my sweet tooth!
Quick hitter here. Woke up on Saturday morning with a strong desire to try something different on my way to the market so I decided to finally go try a place that has been on my radar all summer: Chez Boris.Chez Boris is in the Mile End district on Park Avenue between Laurier and Fairmount and their speciality is doughnuts. For 75 cents each, you can get amazing fresh made-to-order doughnuts coated in a variety of different options. For my first visit (and it certainly won't be the last...), I got 2 sugar, one cinnamon and one raspberry. Each was perfectly cooked with a nice crisp exterior and a light fluffy interior which is all that you can ask for in a perfect doughnut.So you're interested in something outside of the usual donut shop for a quick hit of sweet, give Chez Boris a shot. You won't be disappointed. Also, any place that uses a SNES as a card holder deserves your attention ;)Cheers!
Excellent cafe! This is the first place where nothing is overcharged and has great quality. I would highly recommend it if you are around! (If not just hop into bus #80 and go there!)The stuff is extremely friendly, coffee can easily compete with Olympico.I'm not even talking about the fresh donuts! Try the cinnamon ones.All in all, if you are looking for good coffee and the best donuts in town this is the place to be.
Amazing donuts with a grungy-cool coffee house vibe. Chez Boris was pretty empty when I arrived and I wasn't actually sure if donuts were available. Turns out, they make them to order, so soon I was all set with 6 assorted sugar and cinnamon donuts. Basically, I recommend the donuts! They're obviously super fresh: really hot, crispy on the outside and just the teeniest bit oily. If you're picturing heavy Dunkin-style donuts, think again: these are light and airy, a little smaller than palm-sized. My friend ate 3 of them, which is good because it's nice to share, but bad because I could have eaten all 6.I also got a chai latte which could have been a little stronger, and my friend got an egg sandwich which was a fried egg, some bacon, and cheese served in on top of a large donut with a smaller one on top. They have other small food options as well...or you could just get more donuts.
Very yummy donut sandwiches - I loved my pork belly/hoisin/green onion combo. My date found his egg and bacon one a little off-putting. You have to be ready for the sweet & salty excitement, and also know that the sandwich is quite heavy even if it looks small! Fair enough price, good drink options, but the vibe was that of study hall. I wish it had been a little more upbeat, but it would be a great place to snack and study... alone. The place was full but we were the only ones having a conversation!
Stopped by on our trek back from the bagel shop, and I am so glad we did!The shop clerk was super friendly, even with our indecisiveness. We ended up getting 6 donuts (1/2 sugar, 1/2 cinnamon) , a filtered coffee, and hot apple cider.The donuts were great , but the hot apple cider was awesome!! Seriously spiced, and almost creamy tasting. So. Delicious.
Full of studying students and hipsters in their native environment.  Doughnuts aren't bad.
Nice atmosphere. Friendly staff. Fresh warm Russian donuts... Need I say more? Check this place out, worth the experience. Also try the cidre chaud! Delicious! The soviétique is worth a try too :)
The breakfast donut sandwich with cheese, bacon, and egg is easily one of the best dishes I have ever eaten. All parts are perfectly cooked and the doughnuts are fantastic. The latte is also incredible. Great place for a cute, quick coffee and delicious donuts to go around. Easily one of my favorite, if not favorite, eatery in the city. Also, wonderful place for people watching and doing homework or both! Go here!!!
This is one of my favorite cafes in Montreal. The coffee is a tad on the expensive side but the atmosphere is great for working or reading. And as a great added bonus the hand made donuts are amazing.
I was introduced to Chez Boris by my friend and I'm glad he did because it's one of the top cafes on my list. Great ambiance and space with delicious coffee and tasty snacks. Crowded on a weekend morning/afternoon but if you're willing to wait a bit it may be worth it. It's calmer on a week day afternoon/evening which makes for an excellent study/work place. Wifi is unlocked and reliable and the music blends in with the environment. Take a book, leave a book, walk in, check it out, order to go or sit for a while.
Mmmmmmh good tasty really delicious fresh made to order and not too oily cute little donuts.Sugar, Cinnamon, Chocolate (dark) with good filter coffee...MMMMMHHHHH, the perfect combination. LOVE IT
what's not to love about this russian donuts shop? simple light inexpensive donuts, donuts sandwiches, some coffee and my favorite, the kvass, a fermented bread juice with fruits (apples) and some yeast
I was just walking on the street when I saw this place. The name sounded pretty cool, so I decided to stop by. And I do not regret this, the staff is incredibly cool and the doughnuts are great. It's a great place to spend time in. You should totally go there.
Discovered this place after walking around the area.  Great cafe for beignets and hot chocolate from scratch! Atmosphere is very relaxing, server was helpful and friendly. If you find yourself in the Mile End...stop here for a pick-me-up.
Just had my first Russian Donut at Chez Boris today...and wow...it was incredible!!! I do not think I will ever eat a donut anywhere else ever again. I used to think it was an ok idea to eat donuts that had been sitting on a rack for indefinite amounts of time; not anymore - this place has changed my mind. Your donuts are fried right after you order them at Chez Boris, they are small, so you can order one or two or three depending on how much you want, and the crazy thing is that they are only 0.50 cents each. They come fresh out of the frier and get dusted in confectioner's sugar, so you get them just a tiny bit crispy, just the right amount of sweat, I didn't know what I was missing!! Apparently this is the way they are sold on street corners in Russia, and also the way they should always be everywhere. Plus there is a homemade Russian soft drink called Kavass that I'd never tried before which was very good - yeasty taste with a hint of sweetness, hard to describe, but definitely something I will order again. Ambiance is really chill. Boris is pretty much the coolest person ever. There is free wif, and the place is very open and spacious but homey at the same time, with plenty places to sit.Highly recommended!
As someone who loves donuts, I have been on a mission to find some of the most delicious homemade donuts in Montreal and came across Chez Boris. After walking 3 km to get to Chez Boris, I was excited to try what I thought would be an unforgettable donut.Sadly, the freshly made cinnamon and sugar donuts they offer are forgettable. I've made better donuts at home, myself. The cafe filtre I had with my fresh donuts was a little disappointing.I brought some of the special flavors home to try for breakfast tomorrow (one flavor is double chocolate, the other is lime + juniper) simply because I took the trouble to walk  a half hour there and did not want to leave empty handed. When I tried them the next morning, the chocolate was okay, though the lime + juniper tasted like a gin and tonic, and it was not very moist; almost too dry to eat.If you're in the area, it's worth checking out once. However, Chez Boris does not make a 'destination donut' worth a special trip. I was disappointed that on my walk home, I was able to find incredible donuts for half the price of the Chez Boris specialty donuts at a small place called Boulangerie Patisserie Nouveau Samos on St. Laurent. It doesn't look special from the outside, but their donuts are amazing and not to mention huge!
I love this place! It's still not overly crowded as some cafes are in the area. Nice atmosphere and staff. They have a small games collection for you to play with friends. Also, the arcade game thing there makes my life.
Their russian donuts (80 cents each) are made fresh in front of you, are barely oily,with a touch of chewiness, are just absolutely delicious, and warm my cold donut hating heart. The ambiance itself is wonderful, with lots of light and a lending library. I plan on hibernating there regularly throughout the Montreal winter.
Went to Montreal last summer and got Chez Boris.... I've literally dreamed about their doughnuts ever since. I actually stopped in and was waiting on my boyfriend to get there, while I was waiting the super nice guy working there asked what I was getting and I let him know I didn't have any canadian money on me, and he gave me coffee and doughnuts BEFORE I paid! Such a nice atmosphere/ staff/ and amazing food. Plus! an entire wall of bookcases with board games! We ate doughnuts, drank coffee, and played scrabble on the sidewalk outside. It was dreamy.
Friendly service. Inexpensive. Great coffee and hot chocolate. Beignets are made to order and delicious.
I'm basically copying my review of La Fabrique Arhoma. Location: In Place Valois, on Ontario Est... I drove so can't say what subway stop is close-by. Street parking is available but there's a lot of construction in the area so it's a sh*t show.The place: This space is much bigger than La Fabrique, with the bread section on one side and the rest of the goodies on the other. They also had cheeses and sandwiches. This is a pick-up joint so you can't sit down and eat your goodies.The goods: I first discovered Arhoma through Lufa, when I ordered a basic white loaf of bread. Holy crap, do these guys make good bread! The loaf has a great consistency and is super tasty. I like a hint of saltiness in my bread and this one totally delivered. A friend of mine swears by their baguettes - I haven't tried them but I'm confident that they rock. I stopped in last weekend because I needed a pick-me-up from walking around, hunting for street art all day. I decided to go for the pistachio chocolatine, which, by the way, is enormous. I guess I lucked out because when I started picking at it, it still had a hint of warmth to it, and the chocolate was all melty. The chocolatine was super, super moist and literally melted in my mouth. I mean, it was impossible not to have a mouthgasm while I ate this thing. Because it was so big, I ate half right away and saved the rest for later. I've also tried their chocolate lava cakes and it's equally delicious. What I like is that the chocolate is not too rich, so you can totally eat the whole thing in one sitting. I wouldn't share, if I were you. On this visit, I tried a brownie. It was incredibly chocolatey and dense - I ate half and saved the rest for later. Lastly, if you see the pistachio/rhubarb bread, go for it. It's amazing!Service: OK.Price point: Pretty good. You can get a great loaf of bread for under $4, the chocolatine and brownie were about $3 each. These guys are top notch in terms of using quality ingredients. Check it!
Very busy on weekends so while the bakery delivers great things the same can't be said of the watery lattes and over stressed staff.
Very cool place to get a sandwich and dessert. Grabbed some croissants and baguettes for the ride back to NY. Great cheese selection. Will be my regular stop now when in Montreal.
brunch on lucky weekday off. it seemed relaxing inside but there were actually few seats left. even Monday morning. waao!patisserie, coffee and service are simply awesome. i love their non-too-sweet style very much. decoration is pretty and there are lots home made products available as well. i should try their cheese next time.
- lovely outdoor seating during the summer- flaky delicious croissant -  roast beef sandwich
Just what we needed, two blocks from the apartment where we were staying.  Great coffees. Morning pastries....the 'apricotine' was exceptional, as was the 'croissant nature.'  We could eat here every day.  Walked out to an impromptu interlude when a young man sat at the plaza piano and played several songs.
If you're on your way to the botanical gardens, then stop by here quickly for some of the most delicious Croissants I've ever had for a nice energy boost. I found this place on yelp and was initially skeptical of the raving reviews, especially during the long walk from the Botanical Gardens down the street. But once I got here, I can tell quickly that the journey was well worth it! The bakery shop is separated into 3 parts: an outdoor seating area, an indoor cheese emporium, and an indoor bakery. While I may not be a cheese expert, the sweet scent of the baked French breads cannot be mistaken.I tried both the butter Croissants and the unique pistachio croissants and they were absolutely phenomenal (I preferred the butter croissant, but I'm a traditionalist). The staff were also very friendly and served some of the best coffee I've had as well (black, no sugar).Overall, this place was worth the walk and the exploration and a definite place to visit if you're around the area.Food: 5 starsPrice: 5 starsAmbiance: 4 starsService: 4 stars
Went there twice for breakfast on our visit to Montreal initial based on the recommendations from our AirBnB host. Very fresh pastries and outstanding coffee. The sandwiches looked appetizing as well, and co-located with the cafe is a small shop selling bread and cheese.
Their pistachio croissants are the best! Plus, their bakery attached to their fromagerie!
Tried the croissant today after reading here about how good it was and it was awesome.  It must not have been out of the oven that long because it was still warm making it even better!
Tasty breads and local cheeses.Add to that a terrace, coffee, pastries + hearty sandwiches and you have a winning combo of awesome..at least imho.Worth a visit, or 500.I really like cheese.
Very nice bakery/cafe with excellent sandwiches and pastries.  We enjoyed breakfast here--a croissant sandwich with eggs, brie and ham makes your average American cafe pale by comparison.   Bustling atmosphere but quiet.  Pistachio croissants, chocolate croissants are  superb.  Lots of other choices as well.... Even early on  a Saturday morning this place was busy--no wonder.  Service was friendly, efficient, and all staff spoke English.
Hochelaga was the original Huron place name for this beautiful island that we inhabit. Hochelaga is where it all started -- it's where it all began. Then a series of unfortunate events happen ... the warlike Iroquois killed most of the peace-loving Huron people. Then along came Jacques Cartier who built our home on Native's land. Then the limey English came and we all know what happened next. Je me souviens des plaines d'Abraham ôsti! The Americans were next. Notwithstanding the five hundred years of overdue back paid rent and tax we all owe to First Nations people for genocide, rape and displacement, the dictatorial regime of Maurice Duplessis, Anglo hegemony and oppression of the Québécois, FLQ kidnappings, bombs in Westmount Park trash cans, two referendums, the faltering loonie that was worth 67 cents USD, a pretty crazy ice storm and Celine Dion's Titanic song - not withstanding all that heavy heavy shit - times have been great and they are getting even better. Hochelaga represent! East side! ArHoMa is 100% legit. Everybody knows that Hochelaga-Maisonneuve is the best borough in this city with the best salt-of-the-earth people in this city and now my childhood hood has the best food as well! While contributing a tad bit to the process of gentrification in HoMa it makes up for it in sheer quality, taste and value for dollar. This is the best, allow me to stress that again, ArHoMa is seriously the best pâtisserie, boulangerie, café, bakery and fromagerie in Montréal hands down. Where else on God's green earth can you find the ingenious conceptualisation that is the pistachio chocolatine or pistachio croissant? This is a very very dangerous item of food. It is a thing of glory. The erotic, eclectic and eccentric interplay of sweet dark chocolate, perfectly buttery flakey croissant along with the nutty saltiness of the pistachio make for an elegant, deep and beauteous cacophony of intriguing flavour inside your mouth. These pastries are always flying off the shelves faster than they come out of the oven so it's good to go early. They do make them several times a day, I understand, so try and get yours piping hot out of the oven but if not it's still damn good. They also have excellent breads baking at multiple times during the day. Get yourself one or two of the cheeses from their extensive selection and go have a picnic by yourself or with a lover or friend. Be sure to enjoy the ginormous terrace and post-modern sculpture garden and benches of Place-Simon-Valois that they've got open to patrons and the public alike. This place is a thing of beauty. Enjoy yourself and bon appétit à tous !
Been to this Hochelaga gem a couple of times now. If I lived closer, I would be a regular. Their pistachio croissants are ridiculously good. Their baguettes are great too. I haven't tried their sandwiches, but they look tasty and seem like to be good value for the money. I had a pretty good coffee here, and the service was as friendly as it gets. If you're heading up to check out Value Village, do yourself a favor and swing by this place on the way home. You won't regret it.
Was here in July 2012.  I was a great neighborhood find.  Amazing freshly-made pastries...forget what you know about almond croissants and go for the pistachio - the best when fresh outta the oven.  The other side of the store is a gourmet market with fresh cheeses and such.  Good for breakfast and lunch or just a little caffeine.  I believe the closest subway stop is Joliette.  You will wish you had such a nice cafe in your own hood.
Bought their pecan/cranberry bread, it's really good. My sister bought their sourdough baguette, and she was pleased as well. She's quite the picky coffee/bread/food person, so I guess this was something to hear from her. I have to add she's an excellent cook/baker so I suppose the  pickiness  comes with that. Nice little square to sit & enjoy your coffee/pastry/croissant etc , go for a stroll in Ontario Village afterwards.
There is no wonder why this place is always packed with people! Nos Thés is popular for their great variety of bubble teas, but they also have an extensive menu of Asian snack foods and entrées. I had ordered the chicken-katsu and really enjoyed it. Rice was sticky, chicken was crisp and tender, curry tasted like curry! While they are a Taiwanese resto, they nailed this Japanese classic. I can only vouch for their red bean tea, served hot, with bubbles. They let you decide the amount of sugar that goes in but their teas are best when sweet. My girlfriend really enjoyed her winter melon iced tea as well. For under $20 you are set with food and tea. A great place with friendly staff. Love them!
AVOID The matcha ice cream was a RIPOFF. It was just 2 small balls of supermarket-bought vanilla ice cream along with some 'matcha' lumpy liquid which you had to mix in with the ice cream. This cost me 7$ after tax.
Best Matcha Bubble Tea in Montreal~Nos Thés is located right next to Concordia University downtown, and has a nice bright entrance with large windows. The people working the register are quick to take your order. While it is sometimes slow to wait for drinks, there's some room near the register to sit and wait. While I've only ever ordered bubble tea here, it's always been fantastic. The matcha tea lattes are delicious -- they always properly prepare the matcha.
Nos thés is not only about tea but also about Asian food Taiwanese & Chinese. We tasted many dishes & it was tasty. The place is pretty well located on Ste Catherine street & close to Concordia university.  Lots of students & free WiFi.  We were a group of 6 & ordered over 8 plates except for one person,  they obliged that person to order or else she wasn't aloud to stay. I thought that was petty especially with the amount of orders we had!
Food: The sweet potato fries are to my liking~ Do not order fried squid, waaaaaay too much dough and flavorless~ In addition, I find almost all the milk tea (except special flavors like lavender...) all taste the same~ OoService: Did I mention how during lunch rush hour on Friday they have one staff attending al the tables? - -"
AVOID FOOD.Been here a couple times for drinks, but it was only recently that I tried food from their menu (don't do it).Best bubble tea I've had in Montreal, comparable to certain bubble tea places in Toronto, but not as fantastic as the ones I've been forced (by my friends) to have in Taiwan (not a fan of milk and tapioca). They use real frozen fruits (for many drinks) and good tea instead of diluted tea and flavoured powder. I guess that's an explanation for the time takes to make a drink.Food:Average-priced, inauthentic, and dare I say, revolting. We tried 3 different items from the menu, and they all tasted terrible (2/5). It seems like the chefs don't know how to use a deep frier: fried food, as illustrated in my photos, were overcooked, dry, and tasteless. The 'zha jiang' noodles, suggested by our waiter, had a skewed taste. The recipe is simple and the ingredients are broadly accessible, so how they manage to screw it up is still a mystery today.Would come back when I feel like getting my hands on a mango iced tea ehehe.
Pretty place with pretty decor with pretty drinks with pretty chairs (yes the chairs are in plastic but still pretty). I come here ONLY and MAINLY, EXCLUSIVELY for bubble tea. Any season is bubble tea season. Tea tea tea drink tea. Add stuff everywhere! Tapioca pearls, lychee or mango or anything! Your choice! I usually take everything regular but no ice! Who needs ice??? Without ice, more tea to drink!But the wait is long within rush hours.
A really good place, iv'e been a few times, and there is so much options that I really can't decide what to eat only after 25 minutes. The ambiance has this warm feeling and although there is a lot of space, it is always somewhat calm. Sadly, there isn't much desert, which I kinda always look forward to in places like this.Good for groups and pretty cheap too!
I ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and it was superb. It came in a large bowl and immediately I tasted the soup. The soup is done correctly with the right amount of beef flavour and it wasn't msg. Then I tried a bite of the beef and it was delicious. They provide you with enough beef slices to keep you full. I had beef slices that were both fatty and both lean, so it's luck of the draw I guess. There were also green onions and veggies in the soup which really enhanced the overall flavour of the soup. Highly recommend this dish. Note that they also allow you to add 1$ for extra noodles or $1 for hand made thick noodles. Next time if I was hungry I would add the extra money for more noodles. Mean came to $12 after tax.
Visiting Montreal, decided to check out this Taiwanese place to get our Asian fix (we are from Toronto). Came here with my 2 asian buddies and one Latin dude who self invited himself to our little road trip. I usually get popcorn chicken back home, so I was looking forward to trying them here. I've never ate a cactus before, but this is probably what it's like. Wasn't hot upon arrival, dry, over cooked, and under seasoned. I started to question why we even came to Montreal and my head started to hurt a little, probably due to my mind being blown over how anyone can screw up popcorn chicken this badly. Also had the visar noodles. Friends got the beef brisket noodles, and the tonkatsu, which were on point, as were the drinks - they were good, but I didn't orgasm in my mouth.It was a Saturday afternoon so it was pretty busy, as a result, service was slow and the food took a while. I could tell the two Chinese girls sitting at the table next to us were beginning to rage as they've been waiting for their food for some time. Now that I think about it, they didn't seem like they liked each other too much... Maybe there was some drama going on, who knows? Girls are complicated.Anyway, being a group of guys, we didn't mind the wait too much, aside from the fact that we were STARVING AS F**K! But it was cool still. Making conversation and creeping on the other restaurant patrons distracted us from our bellies.Returned the next day for take out drinks.All in all, a good experience. After I find a therapist to hypnotize me into forgetting the popcorn chicken, I'll be sure to return for another meal!
My friends and I just dropped by to have a study session here. Their new location is so much more spacious! Decor looks more simple, and clean which I like a lot more than their old place on St. Matthieu.  Crowd is not too bad in the afternoon- around half full. I do know that it gets packed late weekend nights though. I ordered an azuki matcha Latte here and also dark roasted oolong. As always they provide tiny and regular boba - but now they also provide transparent bobas in the mix. Very interesting. I think my favourite remains their oolong milk teas (the flavor is pretty rich). And you can control the amount of sugar you want in your tea. I think their quality of tea has remained consistent over the move. I say this because I was really skeptical at first because my azuki matcha latte was a little blander than usual in comparison to when I had it in their older location. But I realized I had ordered less sugar.My friends tried the rose osmanthus milk tea and jasmine green milk tea. I really liked the jasmine green tea. Very rich. I was neutral with the rose tea because my friend ordered no sugar. I kind of like a bit of sugar in my teas . Of course there was a bit of a wait time because they are brewing tea bag by tea bag. But I suppose that our order came in faster than usual because the place isn't packed. Service here is usually quite good. Waitress are very attentive - and don't rush you like other places I've been to in other bubble tea cafes. Be warned, if you are here to surf the web - internet here is very unstable.  My only concern has always been the wait time. When it gets busy, I still have to wait around 10-15minutes. It's a drag if you are rushing.
Yes, incredible taro bubble tea as Jane mentioned. There are actual pieces of taro in it - you might even want to skip the bubbles on this one. I always go for half-sweet. The place is big with lots of sit down tables and it's faster than it used to be. I did not have the chance to try the food at Nos Thés. Debit only.
Wonderful place for bubble tea and chinese noodles. Got the vanilla nut milk tea with tiny pearls and it was really delicious. Service was good. Will hang out at this place again!
The food was really good and the portions are okay, but I was not impressed with the customer service. I understand that they are few, but they do not talk with each other. As a customer, it felt like the employees hated their jobs or that none of them like to communicate. It was like this for the both times I went there. Again, heads up for the food and the modeling of the place! It's a very cute place to go
I absolutely love Nos Thes. I get a different tea almost every time I go there and have never been disappointed.I usually get one of the milk teas, with bubbles of course. I really like the Lavender Assam tea, it has the perfect combination of flavours for me. The taro bubble tea is good too, but less unique as you can get that almost anywhere else. Nos Thes really specializes in quality loose-leaf milk teas.Don't discount the food either, it is authentic Taiwanese. Beware - the portions for some of the dishes are huge! I ordered the mushroom and vegetable soup and needed help to finish it! They're open quite late as well, so there really is no excuse not to go!
I ate there twice and my second experience was much better than my first.What I ordered:Honey oolong milk tea with tapioca Fresh taro milk tea no tapiocaMinced pork with ricePopcorn chicken snack Scallion pancake no egg1. The milk teas are extremely sweet so I'd definitely recommend you order them half sweet and add sweetner if you want it more sweet2. Minced pork and rice is a classic Taiwanese dish. This was not fantastic but def not horrible. It comes with steamed broccoli which I found tone a bit random. Probably should come with pickled greens or other non-crunchy greens3. Popcorn chicken- amazing! Order this! It's fried in a way where it was not greasy and so very tasty!!! It gets soggy if you bring it home so not worth the to-go baggy4. Scallion pancake was good minus the sauce they poured on top- next time I'd ask for sauce on the sideOverall a positive experience! I'd def get the popcorn chicken and taro milk tea (half sweet) every visit!
I really enjoy the ambiance here, especially the variety of jazz tunes played softly in the background.  I also highly recommend the chocolate peanut butter banana bubble tea.  Try the small tapioca pearls for an interesting variation!
A friend recommended this place and I was not disappointed! I only went there for a drink, but it was good enough to make me want to go back again :) the service was pretty fast considering that the place was almost full. And the drinks were amazing, I've never liked a bubble tea this much! I usually drink smoothies with bubbles but I got an actual flavored milk tea and it was so good. I tried my friends' drinks too and they were delicious too. Will be back for sure! :)
Stopped by for bubble tea after being told that the prices are very reasonable for the size you get! Definitely the case. I was happy that I could make customizations on my order (sweetness, temperature, etc.). The bubbles were just the right texture and slightly sweetened, making them a great complement to the beverage.I also tried some of the snacks. They were made in traditional Taiwanese style and although a little bit small in size for the prices, quite delicious.Would go back again for the ambiance and drinks though I might pass on the food. Definitely not a bad place to spend a few hours catching up with friends!
wow even better tapioca than what I have in Toronto!! delicious and chewy, also not tasteless. I always order the handmade Taro hot milk tea (almond milk substituted), it took a while to make but it was super yummy. Even with NO sugar, it still tastes very sweet and creamy. When I'm back in Toronto, I crave this!! I love it.The three mushroom rice and Zhajiangmian are only okay, not that great. But huge portions! The braised beef noodles are delicious though, not spicy. I prefer the Vasir noodles over Zha-Jiang noodles.Service is excellent here. So five stars for perfect drinks and service! The food is so-so, Nos Thés is not my first choice if I am hungry.
I love this place, a perfect hangout spot for students and they even have the plushy chairs to sit on! service can get a little slow during weekends, an average of 10 minutes for takeout and 20 min for non takeout. The bubble tea is made using brewed tea and not artificial powder like many other so called bubble tea shops, for $5 you can get a large bubble tea that's quite filling and there are many options to choose from! the food isn't that great and actually made me sick at one point.
Located around Guy Concordia, Nos Thés offers a variety of specialty teas and a few Taiwanese dishes. Well lit and spacious, it was great place for a rendez-vous. The Dark roasted Oolong Cold Milk Tea was really tasty - just remember to add sugar to their teas.I would go back:For a sit-down bubble tea dateTo study with a friendNos Thés (at Guy Concordia) is best for:Dates of 2 or groups up to 8 people (reserve if you are many!)Its extensive drink options: with or without bubbles (different kinds), hot or cold, with or without sugar, etc.Full review: seizonal.com/2015/03/13/…
Good food and really great tea. The only reason it's a four is because there is a "everyone buy something" policy. I wasn't thirsty or hungry but if I wanted to stay with my friend I had to order something. The place is really nice and the service is fast and friendly.
The only place to get boba drinks in the city.  So impressed that They use real taro in their drinks and not the artificial powdered chemical that 99% of other boba places use.
Came here on an evening where the restaurant was my second choice ..very unexpected..Anyway , they have moved to this location a couple weeks ago , the restaurant used to be small that it was such a surprise to come down here in such a big space . Restaurant seems to be doing good thou , 3/4 packed , lots of people arriving or taking drinks for to go.Regardless , I came here with a date for food as we were starving. Thereby , we didn't take any drinks --from my experience drink wise --it's not as bad as one would think. This review will focus on the food. We grabbed a Tonkatsu plate , a braise beef noodle soup and some sweet potatoes French fries.Let's start with the Tonkatsu, rice had soya sauce added, but a bit too much . I think that was the problem, too much of everything concerning the seasonings. For example , my chicken had too much of sauce --it made the entire plate way too sweet. Even the most decent part of the plate the salad --had too much sweet sauce . Overall , the plate wasn't as great as I had expected. Although , it is sort of my fault as I took a Japanese plate inside a Taiwanese plate , maybe the food of their cuisine is better --who knows maybe another yelper could tell me about it.The braise beef soup was average. Noodles are not homemade , and thereby , they come fresh from the frozen fridge. Beef was fresh and soft --not a bad quality of beef for the plate. I think it tasted just fine. Although, the soup of the plate was not too good , clearly there was a lack of flavour --as well as it didn't taste as spicy as it did . Think there was too much MSG , honestly I feel like that is how is tasted.As for the sweet potatoes fries , they are great and long. They changed their sizings of the potatoes comparatively to their last location. They were seasoned appropriately although , I think there was a bit too much salt. The salad that comes with it could be refreshing for some, it's the same as in my Tonkatsu plate, I guess it could help yourself to not feel too bad after finishing all the fries by yourself! Overall , this appetizer was good.So conclusion, restaurant is mediocre in terms of food , I guess it could be worth it if one wants to eat small things like appetizers and grab a drinks. However , I beg to differ in the scenario that one wants to try their meals as from my experience today , it really wasn't worth it.
This is my go to place for bubble tea. They have a huge selection of flavors, and you can even choose between different bubble types. I personally like my tea without ice, with mixed tapioca bubbles, and at half-sweet (the standard sweetness for bubble tea almost everywhere I have found too sweet). While this place is lovely to sit with friends, and they also serve full meals, I would not recommend it as a work or study place because the wifi is somewhat inconsistent.
Awesome, awesome bubble tea.Final solution to the bubble tea problem in  MTLFreshly made tapioca bubblesFreshly made teaNatural flavours for the most partDecent foodFriendly staffTakes interacFree WiFiOnly complaint:It's LOUD. I'm talking Peel Pub loud. So don't expect a laid-back atmo, not happening.
An unassuming place based on its logo making it seem like it's just an Asian-inspired cafe, we were pleasantly surprised by just how great the food, drinks and price were. Most importantly, we were very pleased with how knowledgeable, friendly and efficient the  Taiwanese young man serving us was, whom we're told is the only Taiwanese person at this Taiwanese restaurant. We ordered the lunch set, which came with a savoury miso soup, an asian cucumber salad and a cup of their refreshingly awesome green tea with orange zest. Our entrees were right on the money; we recommend the Vasir options, as the braised pork was perfectly braised and seasoned. We happen to live in South Korea and have been to Taiwan before as well, and we can gladly say the food was fantastically authentic. If you're looking for a true Taiwanese meal, this place does the job and does it well.
First time here.i tried the fresh mango manic...it was so good ,so fresh...but a bite expensive...large one cost 8$....I will come back for sure!they have a beautiful waitress too....
Overall speaking, i love this place . A great place for friends gathering and chatting. A little bit pricy compared to its counterparts, but the snacks here are delicious.
I have been to this place a few times now. The food was great and the portion was generous.  You will have to get used to waitresses's quirky attitudes.   It's just different. I will come back!
Came here for a late dinner. I got a noodle dish with minced pork. It was well-seasoned and had a mix of savory and sweet flavors. Their noodles were thick and had a wonderful texture. They also had a variety of drinks, but I didn't order one, though if I had come earlier in the day, I probably would have, since they looked pretty decent. The staff here are very friendly.Definitely would come here again to try other items if I'm ever in town again.
Great teas, lattes, and appetizer.  Wow, really enjoyed my iced vanilla latte, fried calamari, sweet potato fries, and salad.  Beautiful presentation.\\see my pics =)
Nos Thes can be either amazing or just OK, depending on what you're coming for.We ordered a few dishes for dinner: the popcorn chicken was interestingly spiced and breaded. Though it started out seeming like a wonderful alteration on the typical Taiwanese style, it got old a lot faster than I initially expected, as the mealiness of the breading got to me over time. The zha jiang noodles I had were neither spicy nor flavorful; just an overall disappointment.Where this place shines is its tea. So many places make their bubble tea sickeningly sweet, but Nos Thes offers an extensive list of full-bodied teas that strike a balance with the boba instead of just matching its sugar content.Come for the tea and skip the food.
This is the first time I've been to their new location since they renovated and they definitely up'd their game. The space is really nice, lots of seating and I love the yellow they have with the wood. Their bubble tea is still as good and I love that you can get the tiny bubbles everyday now instead of just specific days like before. I have yet to try their food but they have good drinks. My favourite is the rose black tea with tiny bubbles!
Not bad, though they can be a bit pricey. The portion sizes are decent, and the servers will try to upsell you (unless you're onto their game, or speak Chinese haha! Good try guys - I might be brown, but I've been around!) Having said that, their Taiwanese popcorn chicken is VERY heavy on the breeding (and it just doesn't have very good flavor - kinda confused flavor actually). The dumplings, soups, noodles were pretty standard, however their boba was pretty excellent. Wait times are a bit long tho, and to eat here, EVERYONE in the group MUST buy something or be asked to leave (they don't want Wifi moochers)
I can't put 0. Asked me and my girlfriend to leave our table(take tea to go) because only my girlfriend was ordering. Is dirty inside and smelt funny to top that. Avoid !
Five stars for their exceptionally good bubble tea. They have a great variety that you can choose from. We come here all the time for their bubble tea. Instead of having bubbles, try red beans instead!Their food is so so, probably just three stars if solely base on food.Best bubble tea!
Everything about Nos Thés is just so cute, from the cute setup to the cute mason jars the cold bubble teas come in. It's a great place to go if you're in a small group, since it has a nice cozy and relaxed ambiance. Their food is also really good! The only hiccup is that their service can be a bit slow at times.
Excellent, friendly, knowledgeable staff. Delicious, good quality teas. Easily customizable (milk, soy, almond milk, level of sugar, large, small or mixed sized tapioca, different jellies, either hot or cold) large and varied selection - all very well priced. It is a spacious and lovely environment. I highly recommend this place
Let me start off by saying that the decor here is wonderful, it has a great ambience and I would love to come and study here with friends. The drinks are also great, I was super happy with my bubble tea. But will I ever come back here? No.I went on Saturday the 12th. The service was absolutely appalling and I left so upset and angry. A friend and I ordered drinks and some food to share. Our first dish was just alright. The second dish was absolutely disgusting and felt undercooked. I finally got the nerve to complain and they took the dish away, both my friend and I had just a bite each. When we went to pay they still put the item on our receipt, wanting us to pay. I argued that it made no sense for us to pay when we had sent it back complaining that it wasn't cooked properly. The cashier said "Oh. You just didn't like it so you have to pay". I kept saying that no other restaurant would ask for this. He said "Well this isn't a high class place, you clearly haven't been out before". Excuse me? He got increasingly more rude towards me, it took us about 5 minutes of him eye rolling and giving us dirty looks for it to be taken off the bill. I've never complained in a restaurant before, and I wasn't rude at all, but his attitude upset me so much, and not just because he wouldn't take it off, but because of how I was treated. I would have loved to go back regularly for their drinks, I wasn't even upset about the food, but now I will never go back and encourage my friends to go to the bubble tea place down the street instead. If you're in the area I would recommend Chatime or Magic Idea
The best bubble tea place in Montréal hands down. This is the only place I've been to in MTL that uses fresh ingredients for their drinks for around the same price as other bbt places (other bbt places uses powder). The food is authentic Taiwanese and comparable to the ones I've been to in Toronto and Vancouver. The vibe is also pretty awesome--it's a loft style with high ceilings, which is different from the other bbt places in MTL.
They sell pricey bubble teas and the food is average but I still go because of the taro bubble tea. It's exceptional. Once you get hooked you won't go back.
Place was loud with lots of echo. We came for the bubble tea and was surprised with all the choices! The menu was wrinkled on a clipboard and portions were small. Everything was a bit pricey too. Overall taste of product was o.k. for the price.
Come here often for a bite and some milk tea
I had no idea what to expect going into this restaurant as this was my first experience with taiwanese food but man what a treat this was! They had a stacked list of teas to try hot cold or with boba. Our waiter was great and of course the best thing about the place...The food!! I ordered G05 on the menu which was the traditional taiwanese spicy beef noodle dish which was amazing (not like Vietnam pho because the broth is completely different). My mom got the taiwanese popcorn chicken and it was amazing too! Nothing like American popcorn chicken because I think they mince it first and spiced it very differently. Im so glad my mom spotted this gem because it was a great experience.  Everything we got was delightful and we will definitely be going back.
Best bubble tea. Try the taro, it's amazing with no chalky taste that many places have from the favoring powders.
Exceptional Taiwanese cuisine, great tea, and a casual atmosphere. Need I say more?The food: authentic, flavourful, fresh. The noodles: Homemade. The tea: loose leaf in many flavours from all around the world (Try Taiwanese red teas, they are amazing).The atmosphere is friendly, sort of cafe like but welcoming. Their bubble tea is one of the best in town, not-from-powder(unless you want that). The dishes are fairly small, except the noodle ones. So it's best to order 3 for two people. Personally my favourite is the homestyle Taiwanese beef noodle!
tried the yuzu tea and a latte and really not great, the yuzu tea was way too sweet and tasted like concentrated juice and not tea... we went there after a meal already, so didnt order any food, but only drinks, we just wanted to chill there. but the atmosphere wasnt so great and the waitress was so rude and impatient, and just didnt seem to want us there..:( it will never go back there again
Their lavender bubble tea is amazing along with the Taiwanese fries, but very pricey!
There is such a huge selection of tea here, it's fantastic. I had never had taro tea, but was told it was a favorite. I understand why:) each tea the four of us shared was fantastic. The key is to not get the Westernized bubble tea where they use the powder. We didn't try the food, but maybe next time:)
I really like the bubble tea and mains here. I've had their popcorn chicken dish and taiwanese sausage dish. Both come with delicious salad. Oh and their sweet potato fries are really good as well, but be warned it tastes more like a dessert! I always order the same bubble tea flavor which is original milk tea, and I have sometimes been disappointed by some bubble tea joints. But Nos The makes it pretty well. I've had it with small bubbles and I think it's better than the normal bubbles!  I would give Nos The a 5 , but my boyfriend's dishes were on and off, the ones he chose. And also service is very slow on certain days because I think they are understaffed.  I think they need to have 2 people behind the counter. Kitchen I think is okay because food comes fairly quickly once it's ordered. But when it comes to getting the order taken, it's too long. Try this place for bubble tea if you're in the downtown area (specifically near Guy metro), and hopefully you will be lucky that it's not a full house!
This is the best place to go for real bubble tea. They make bubble tea out of real tea and fruit sorbet, instead of nasty powdered flavors (they still have powder, so ask for sorbet bubble tea, always).It is true that their food menu is not as good, but I go there for their bubble tea and special drinks!They can customize your drinks to anything you want. They have a lot of choices too.
GAHH I wish this place existed when I was a student in Montreal!! Nestled right in the Concordia area, this Taiwanese cafe sits conveniently on the corner of st. mathieu and Lincoln. There were two women working the counter taking orders and making the drinks when I walked in. Since my friend and I had been walking around all day, we wanted to sit down at a table and order a snack. You can certainly order things to go though. I am Taiwanese and grew up drinking bubble tea. This place offers an incredibly wide selection of teas, mostly freshly made. There is a small selection of powdered flavors, but why would you choose that when you can get the real stuff? Like all tea/beverage stands or shops in Taiwan, you can adjust the sweetness and ice level to your liking. I had the passion fruit tea, half sugar, and less ice which was perfect. The tapioca pearls were also cooked perfectly. I can't comment on the food since we only ordered their Japanese croquettes which were perhaps a bit under seasoned but still good.  I would definitely order it again. If only I still lived in Montreal, I would definitely be a regular!
We enjoyed the food for the most part.  Their Taiwanese sausage was great, leaner meat with right amount of spice.  Salt and pepper chicken was soft not crunchy, not the style we love. Sweet potatoes were very unique; chicken legs were not flavorful.  We went in during the busy time; the service was on the slow side.
Before I got here, I was told that I would be amazed by the quality of food from this establishment. The restaurant fell short of my expectations. We were promptly seated and we each ordered a beverage. I got the chocolate bubble tea, and it was pretty good. However, the food service is a bit slow. While we received our appetizer (sweet potato fries, very good by the way), the rest of the main dishes came late and not all together. In fact, I was done eating my meal a long ahead of time before my friend got hers. I ordered the Japanese curry with fried pork filet. First off, the dish was slightly cold, the breading not flavorful, lack of seasoning on the curry, but the pork cooked just right. I doubled checked the breading by sampling my friend's fried chicken, but it was the same lackluster quality. All in all, I think this place may be great on a snack level (bubble tea + appetizer), but don't raise your expectations too high for the main course.
My Taiwanese friend introduced me to this place and now I wish it was closer to home so I could go every week... at least. I've always adored Taiwanese cuisine and this one is definitely a jewel among the plethora of Asian restaurants in the Concordia ghetto. I went there during very late in the afternoon, so it wasn't very busy and the food arrived in what seemed like less than 5 minutes. I had the fried chicken cutlet with rice, which may sound like something on a kids' menu, but it was sooo much more than a fried chicken cutlet with rice. First of all, the chicken breast meat is good in itself,no doubt having been marinated in some magical Taiwanese concoction. Then, it is wrapped in this rice krispy like batter and very nicely fried so that it's crunchy but not at all oily. The plate came with a giant serving of both fresh salad and pickled vegies, served with delicious dressing. The dressing could be a tad sweet for some people, but it's totally right up my alley. I had the time of my life dfinishing my meal. Drinks wise, I chose the honey green tea with tapioca bubbles. It's fantastic! The drink is a bit more expensive than those at other bubble tea pkaces, but no doubt it's because they use real tea leaves. Another plus!
Best bubble tea in Montreal
best bubble tea  in Montreal for now
AMAZING BUBBLE TEA! I've spent the last five months scouting Montreal for the best bubble tea, and Nos Thés is hands-down the winner. Great assortment of teas! The food is amazing, albeit a little pricey, but I just go for the killer appetizers and tea!The only thing I want to note is that there are two different locations in Montreal and the atmosphere is very different depending on which place you go to. The Saint Catherine one near Beaudry metro is very sleek and stylish with padded booths and faux-grass walls and it is larger, so it tends to feel less crowded. On the other hand,  the Saint Mathieu location is basement-level and feels like a cozy, independent coffee/tea place with mis-matched decor and magazines in stacks for you to browse. It also gets pretty cramped when it's busy and doesn't seem to have as much staff as the Beaudry location. Either way, you get the same great menu, so you can't go wrong!UPDATE 10/2014: Nos Thes on Saint Mathieu has now moved to a swanky new location next to Concordia on West Saint Catherine! Their new place is adorable and modern, but has the same delicious tea and food!
I'm from NYC and still these bagels are high on my list! The sesame bagel is mass-produced here for good reason. If you go before noon, the sesame bagels are freshly made constantly, so you can get one and eat it fresh and hot out of the oven. I personally like the everything bagel the most and think that if you can bring it home to toast it would be just as good if not better than the sesame one. What makes these bagels special is that they're covered with toppings all over, not just on one side.
After conducting exhaustive and delicious study,  I'm going to boldly state this is my second favourite bagel place in Montreal.   I realize that may be highly contested but St. Viateur was edged out only slightly.  It's still tasty though. If you are seeking the best St Viateur go here... and don't be tricked by the other location down the street which is just a cafe with the same name.This place is busy... cash only... and when you get to the front of the line you better know what you want and have cash in hand or the staff will be extremely rude.  My plans were foiled because they were out of a couple of my choices which resulted in last minute mental reorg and if looks could kill I probably wouldn't be writing this review. On a return trip I probably would just buy whatever is hot.  The colder bagels were good but honestly nothing worth a long wait for.  Maybe if my first choices were there I might think differently... but I only can only go on what I was given.
Amazing bagels for sure, but they go from fresh to stale within literally an hour.  Eat them straight out of the wood burning oven for max enjoyment, and they won't even need butter or cream cheese.HOWEVER.  This is why I take a star away.  They can't be bothered to deal with any of the cream cheese or additional toppings, making it highly annoying when you want to treat it as a breakfast when on the go..  Frustrating, because not everybody is taking it directly home, especially us out of towners!Besides, surely they are missing out on additional profits by being so stubborn
GET A SESAME BAGEL. comes out piping hot from the oven, fresher than fresh, and gorgon inside and crisp on outside. Wow. So good. I started with a flaxseed to be healthy. But when hubby got a sesame we went back for second round with only sesame. Yes that's the one to get. Best bagel we both ever had
The busy atmosphere and the wood burning oven tell it all. Montreal bagels must use a wood burning oven to be authentic. The bagels are fairly priced $10 for 12 bagels. For handmade and fresh bagels. They have nothing to hide they place all their ingredients stocked high in front of their store from the flour they use to the dough they make. Everything is open for you to see to make an honest bagel.
I like the setting of the shop where you can see how they make the bagel. It's also really cool to see the mountain pile of bagels coming out of the oven. Not sure if this is the best bagel ever, and I still have to decide if I like the honey sweetness in Montreal bagels. Still, the chewyness of the bagel is top notch and better than most bagels I have had in the US!
Bagel mastery. Bagel gods. Bagel mafia? Maybe. Bagel artisans. Bagel angels. Bagel dreams. Prepare for bagel serious dreams. Sesame - the classic. Get it hot to experience true gluten perfection. So pillowy. It will melt in your mouth which defies science. You will fall in bagel love and all other bagels will never compare.
These bagels are my favorite among many delicious options in Montreal. First off, they've got a rustic morphology to them - the bagels are heterogeneously shaped and have this nutty aroma (if you go with the recommended sesame version). The ovens have clearly been loved and taken care of for decades, likely adding to the interesting finish. Second, the bakers are focused on one thing - making excellent bagels and providing fast and efficient service. Now who can't appreciate that?!
This place is everything. It's for your midnight cravings after you had 5 beers at a Mile-End bar (accompanied with hummus or cream cheese), or is your company for the breakfast next day, or just an afternoon snack because why not. You probably heard of the rivalry between Fairmont. To me, St-Viateur's softer bite will dominate the other one's harder shell any day.
Legend has it that there is a bagel shop in Montreal that rivals even the best of the best bagels in NYC.  Well my Jewish bretheren, look no further for all the stories you heard of as a child are true -- St Viateur has some baller bagels that can induce uncontrollable salivation simply upon perception of their fragrant smell.Tons of flavors, a reasonable price and memories that will last a lifetime. No combos, just bagels in their purest form.  You can get some spreads from the freezer and they have plastic knives available for those on the go.  It was worth my $30 CAD cab ride to get them before I left Canada.  Or this could just be the hangover from the bachelor party talking.
Internationally known and locally respect St-Viateur is for the real bagel P.I.M.P.S. Shout-out to all my hooligans in Brooklyn, but Smoke Meat and Bagels are an OG Montreal thing.Must visit bagel shop in MTL.
Had to try these when visiting Montreal! I enjoyed these more than Fairmont bagels. They were crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside with a almost sweet aftertaste. Very different than the NYC bagels I am used to. I'm glad I gave them a try! When in Rome! I don't need to go back but I would recommend this to people visiting Montreal for sure!
Good price. Amazing quality. And delicious bagels. I bought 4... 2 for lunch and 2 for breakfast in the morning, along with some cream cheese, and peanut butter and jelly. Very friendly and quick service. The bagels are as good as people say. I'm coming back in the next couple days for another round. If you're in the neighbourhood or visiting Montreal, don't miss these bagels!
Yep, just as I thought. I bought bagels from both St-Viateur and Fairmount. I tasted them, unidentified from which shop. It's impossible to tell them apart! Here's my therory: It's like that TWIX chocolate bar commercial. Two brothers got into a quarrel and decided to open their own bagel shop. They are equally convinced that theirs are better. While in fact, it's probably the same recipe.
It really feels more like a bagel factory (so so many bagels). It can be a bit overwhelming if you don't live in Montreal. The line to the cashier goes really fast, so you don't have much time to decide. You can get hummus, cream cheese, and other spreads from the fridge right next to the line. They also have little to-go cream cheese and strawberry jam that you can grab from the fridge right in front of the cashier (it's on the lowest shelf so it might be hard to see). They give you plastic knives if you need them.It's efficient and quick (no seats), perfect for breakfast on the go or just picking up bagels for the rest of the week. I got the rosemary bagel and it was wonderful. I was disappointed that we visited the last morning we were in Montreal so we couldn't go again. I would definitely come back another time!
OH! Such a cute place with delicious bagels! The Montreal bagel is quite different from the New York bagel I've known all my life, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. The bagel sandwich combos are delicious with a very reasonable price point to match. I wouldn't buy the cream cheese or other items in their fridge -- that is rather overpriced. However, when buying just bagels, it is extremely well priced, particularly when considering the taste!Just be sure to bring cash -- they don't take credit.
Hands down the best bagels I've had in my life.  And mind you, I lived in New York City one summer.I'm used to gross bagels that are dense and tasteless as hockey pucks, and I've always hated them and avoided them.I feel like I've finally found out what bagels are supposed to taste like.  I don't really know how you can beat their bagels.  They hand make them with all natural ingredients, poach them in honey water, and bake them in wood ovens.  When you get the bagels, they are fresh and piping hot.I've heard people complain that the bagels are too sweet.  I'm generally on a keto diet so I'm very sensitive to sugar, and I have no problems with these bagels.  Speaking of the keto diet - I'm glad I don't have these back home as I wouldn't be on the keto diet anymore. They're so delicious.  Anyways - definitely go.  The bagels are cheap, service is great, and they are open 24/7.  What more could you ask for?
So so bagel sandwiches. Not worth going out of way for. Flavours mediocre. Packed to the brim, definitely not worth waiting for.
If you've never been to Montreal and love bagels, this is the place to go.  Bagels are baked fresh on wooden boards in a wood fired oven 24/7.  Most of the time they are still warm when they bag them for you. There's nothing like a Montreal Bagel.  I always bring 3 or 4 dozen home.  You can freeze them and then defrost and toast them. Once you try these, you'll be hooked.
Food- This is a must when you visit Montreal- Its a 24hr joint- Bagels are always being made fresh- At night, the selection is limited, but regardless the bagels are amazing- Bet you can't just eat one- Great selection of cream cheese and dips as well- Prices are great tooService- No complaints and for it being late, the staff was pleasant to deal with
St. Viateur Bagel Shop proffers an admirable simplicity. Bagels (mostly sesame) are served warm from a giant metal sluice that sits next to a table where an aproned man whacks and shapes dough he then shoves, on large trays, into the oven (whence they spill forth via the sluice). There's a refrigerator case stocked with bagel-angled groceries: many varieties of cream cheese, two or three of capers, half a dozen smoked salmon options, and several salmon spreads; a few jams, butter, and some stuff we failed to note. There's another small refrigerator with non-alcoholic drinks. The drawback is that the bagels suck. "Suck" is too strong, but we'd been advised that Montréal's bagel scene rivals New York's, and that turns out to be a lunatic's delusion. In flavor, this dough isn't far from a simple street pretzel. What a street pretzel has that these bagels lack, of course, is a thick pelt of salt. Any flavor you get at St. Viateur comes from that refrigerator. The bagels give you a warm smooshy vessel for salmon, cheese, jam, etc., thus fulfilling only the most rudimentary function of a bagel. It was late, though; we had played a show and everything else was closed; and so we fell onto the St. Viateur bagels like half-starved hyenas stumbling across an unguarded scrum of newborn kittens (must happen sometimes). Given the strictly-takeout nature of the spot, that meant huddling around a tiny ersatz picnic blanket of paper bags on the sidewalk out front, scooping and spreading cream cheese and sawing salmon with little plastic knives no stiffer than stir sticks. There's something attractive about the rudimetary nature of these bagels. Like inchoate little vertebrates crawling out of the sea on their journey to articulated limbs and teeth and wings, St. Viateur's product arouses in the modern mammal an instinctive gratitude. That's not to say, though, we'd ever elect willingly to shed our teeth and thumbs, our poppy seeds and garlic and swirls of pumpernickel.
I  have lived and eaten bagels in New York for 23 years of my life.  I know I will get sh** for saying this but the bagel I had from St Viateur was the best bagel of my life and it haunts my dreams every night. I has a sesame bagel with lime and coriander cream cheese.  I shared it with my boyfriend, which I regret.  If I ever come back to Montreal I will have many of these bagels and will not share with anyone.
Tasty, bustly bagel shop in the heart of Montreal's student district. Had the 'traditional' bagel sandwich, with lox and all the fixings. Savory green salad on the side. Open brick oven right in the restaurant. Yum! Speedy service. Two things would have made lunch even better: more than just a few poppy seeds on the outside of the bagel, and a moister, chewier bagel.
Some of the staff needs a lesson on customer service. Their arrogance is really not necessary. Their bagels are really good and stay fresh for a long time which is nice if you want to take a bag home with you.
St Viateur bagels are an iconic Montreal food and there's a good reason for that. These are possibly the World's Best Bagels and most certainly North America's Best Bagels. Enter the bagel shop: stoked up brick oven at the back, with a slew of guys rolling and baking fresh bagels on the spot, just for you. Bagels are slid into the long oven all lined up on a plank, turned once or twice and then pulled out, piping hot. It's an eat-in diner type of spot, with a little side counter if you're just there to grab a bag of fresh bagels and go. I've done both. Nothing says 'weekend' like a hot, fresh, sesame seed encrusted St Viateur bagel with a coffee for breakfast. They've got a fridge full of cream cheeses, smoked salmon and spreads next to the takeout bagel counter, too, in case you wanted to try something new. Pleasant staff, good vibes - definitely one of my regular stops on Mont Royal.
Located in neighborhood of Mile End in the borough of Le Plateau Mont-Royal, St-Viateur Bagel has been makin bagels for over 55 years. They claim to be the longest running bagel shop in Montreal.  They just do 9 kinda bagels, (Sesame, Poppy, Plain, Whole Wheat, Rosemary, Cinnamon Rasin, Multigrain, Flax & All dressed) and boy are they delicious.  Sorry NY friends, But New York doesn't make Bagels as good as St Viateur's. No place to sit here. You buy your bagels, pay (Cash only) & Walk out.  You hardly walk half a block and then you notice "a glitch in the Matrix" Deja Vu............There's another St-Viateur Bagel on the other side of the roadMy point is..... The Bagel's are awesome
I don't know how to really write a long review here because this place is simple and to the point.Delicious, fresh bagels at a super decent price. That's it! They also sell juices, water, and soft drinks as well as cream cheeses (even individual packets), hummus, and yogurt.It's definitely a place I try to stay away from, but on nights when we do go, it's bagelmania. Why do I stay away if it's so good? Because, unlike those lucky ones among us who can inhale 5 bagels a day and not gain a pound, all I need to do is just look at one, and I feel my jeans tighten..... But really, go. If you like bagels, you'll like this place!
Sesame bagel was warm and fresh. The three topping sesame garlic and poppy was a little stiff though. Might have been better if it was warmed up. Nonetheless great bagels!!!!
A lot has been said about NY vs Montreal bagels. I want to say that while there are similarities, these are not the same. Montreal bagels are sweeter and denser. St-Viateur Bagel is a great place. What they do is make and sell bagels. You walk up, pick what you want, and leave. They sell cream cheese and will give you a knife. They also sell salmon. They do not make sandwiches for you - think H&H in NYC and you get the picture.The line moves quickly, and you are treated to watching the people shape the bagels and cook them in the wood-fired oven as you wait. If you are a fan of trying local foods and don't mind a slight detour out of the normal touristed areas, this should be on your schedule of things to do while in Montreal.
Best bagels I've ever had. The end.But actually. Bagels are such a simple thing that're sold everywhere, but no one really does them quite as well as St. Viateur. Also the place is open 24 hrs. That's freaking fantastic. High quality bagels at any hour of the night!!They've got quite a number of flavors and options, but I honestly think the plain bagel is the best bagel. The thing about this bagel that differentiates it from other bagels out there is in the dough itself. While normal bagels need cream cheese to accentuate and even flavor the bagel, even the plain bagel can stand alone when it's being eaten here. It's got its own unique taste and god it is fantastic. St. Viateur also has quite the extensive collection of cream cheese, toppings, drinks, etc and yeah it's pretty awesome.But actually. Best bagels I've ever had. I was struggling when I was reading the reviews between this place and the other place, but I honestly have to say that I have probably not ever had a bagel better than the ones that I've had here. This is no exaggeration. Friends got the cinnamon and sesame ones which I think were fine, but you gotta go plain.tldr; best bagels ever, go plain.
Let me preface this review by saying that I'm a born and bred New Yorker and know a get bagel when I bite into it. With that being said, this was one of the most delicious bagels I've ever had...EVER!I was given the name of this bagel shop by friend who had once been. She told me that they're not your traditional bagels, so I'll admit that I was a bit hesitant. The location to which we went was jam-packed but waiting on line was a pleasure. My friend and I were able to watch the bagels get baked in the back, and it was absolutely fascinating. It was like being at a museum, but better - you could actually touch...and eat...everything you saw! I kept it simple with an everything bagel with vegetable cream cheese. The bagel was warm, crispy, and absolutely mouth-watering. It was so good, I was tempted to go back and get another dozen. I wish I had known ahead of time that you could sit down and enjoy a meal here. I would've enjoyed picking some other items off their menu!Please, if you're in Montreal, hunt down one of their locations; you won't be disappointed in the piece of heaven you're about to enjoy!
$0.75 per bagel.  Choose from sesame, poppy seeds or plain!  Employees even offer to take pictures with you :)
What a great experience! I've been wanting to visit here for years. I wasn't sure what to expect as I'm accustomed to Vermont bagel shops, where most order toasted and with cream cheese. You basically order your bagels to go, 1 to many dozen. You can grab a cream cheese to from the cooler. I asked about coffee and the lady at counter said we can get an awesome latte and eat our bagels down the street at Cafe Olympica. Which is what we did. Our bagels were fresh and warm, right out of the wood fired oven! We pulled them apart and dipped them in the tub of Greek cream cheese I bought. I do you think it was funny that they had to Philly cream cheese as an option considering we were in Montreal and what looked like a Greek/Jewish community. We brought home six with us and two days later they're all gone but one I wish I had more. Next time I will be buying a couple dozen to split and freeze at home. A little out-of-the-way but definitely a classic Montreal must taste!
*single tear*Wow, so disappointing! At 11:30am on a Sunday we grabbed 3 of these supposedly famous bagels to enjoy outside with our yummy lattes from Cafe Olimpico down the street. Our order: 1 sesame, 1 poppy, 1 everything...and 3 mini cream cheese packets. A recipe for deliciousness, no? NO. The bagels were cold, hard, nothing special at all.Were they having an off day? Perhaps. Still.....*single bagel tear*....very disappointing. Next time I would request "WARM bagels" if I were you :)(Bagel tips for Toronto: my favourite light fluffy bagels come from Gryfe's on Bathurst; my favourite Montreal-style bagels come from Bagel House on Avenue Rd).
Best bagel of my life!Dragged a friend with me through the snow for a bagel.Fresh hot sesame bagels with salmon pâté! Smaller and less dense than a NYC bagel, a crispy on the outside. The salmon pâté was a flavor bomb, and I would take it over lox cream cheese any day.Their bagels are not as tasty cold, so definitely go for what ever bagel is coming out of the oven.
Great sesame bagel. Tastes like Chinese style fried dough balls when eaten fresh, but the resemblance goes away within 15 min as it cools down.To try: other bagels, fresh or at room temp.
The sesame bagels are sooo delicious, tastier than any bagel I've had at home in NYC. I really wanted to try the other varieties but once I tried the sesame, I was hooked. During my 4.5 day long trip to Montreal, I had bagels from St Viateur a total of 3 times. Highly recommend.
Best bagels in the world - better than New York better than Toronto - just come get 1 from the wooden stove and ask for cream cheese and plastic knife - so u can open it up and eat just outside the store. Amazing
Make sure to be there when the bagels are fresh out of the over and hot. You're gonna love it.Also open all night, so you can snack on bagels at 4AM if you feel like it.
My coworker is from Montreal and lives near here.  When we dined nearby, he said we HAD to stop afterwards and get some "montreal bagels".  I was kinda full from the meal, but I went along.  He bought a dozen to take back to his family and he bought another half-dozen for me to take back to the office the next day.Let me describe this place as "an authentic, ethnic bagel shop".  There is little fanfare or decor, except the sign that says they have been open since 1957.  After one bite (mind you it was next morning), I can see why my coworker says there is a line out the door most times.These guys handmake bagels and cook them in a wood-fired oven - by the hundreds.  The pricing is so cheap (the 18 bagels were $11CAD I think).  I had seasame seed and he got poppyseed.  They also sell cream cheese and salmon fixins.  Honestly the bagels are so good they don't need anything (I didn't even toast mine).When I showed up at the office the next day and offered up my six bagels, I was lucky to snag one before they disappeared in 2 minutes.  Next time I am in the area, I am definitely going back
PERFECTION! It almost seems ridiculous to write a review about an institution like St. Viateur but I guess there's still people out there that haven't had a bagel (or 6) from here. If you're not familiar with Montreal bagels or bagel shops you may be a little surprised. St Viateur is a 24hr bagel shop, they sell bagels, cream cheese and little else. There's no ordering your bagel as a sandwich, no selection of cream cheese flavors mounding in the case, no fried eggs on them, I'm not sure they even sell coffee there ... and there's no seating, this isn't a dining destination, you order and then leave, you can stand on the sidewalk or find a bench nearby to eat. It's not unusual to eat outside or walk around the Mile End area window shopping with a bagel in hand.  The selection of bagels always includes sesame and then, seemingly random, there might be an everything, a rosemary or a cinnamon raisin, but sesame is the mainstay. Liberte cream cheese is available in the case and is typically limited to regular and low fat. Bagels are continuously being made here at all hours of the day and night, they're pulled from the oven and piled high, still warm. When you order the bagels will still be warm (they're always warm and should be eaten warm). The technique is to grab a container of cream cheese and your bagels and then "rip and dip" as I like to say. I had a discussion with some coworkers, most of them, like me, rip the bagels up and dip them in the tub of cream cheese like a dip. I've heard of people cutting them up but Montreal bagels aren't really suited for making sandwiches with. There's some debate between St Viateur vs Fairmont bagels, my preference is St Viateur as they're typically less "done" than Fairmont making them a little more chewy and soft. St Viateur always seems to have more sesame which gives them a nice nuttiness.
This place is the most bare-bones, to the point bakery in the world. Don't expect some sort of trendy looking place selling overpriced baked goods. You're here for the bagels, and if you're stuck needing bagel accessories, they have those too.If you're not familiar with Montreal-style bagels, they're not what most people are used to. Most people are familiar with the New York style. Montreal-style bagels are smaller with crispy and sweet crust and a lighter overall texture. They're simply phenomenal with a nice schmeer of cream cheese, and don't even need toasting in any form to be excellent.They're sold at a few locations around Montreal (I bought more at the Marche Jean-Talon before leaving town) but getting them right out of the massive wood fired oven at the source on St-Viateur is so much better.
The best bagels in the world. Period! You might think you know bagels, but until you've had one fresh from the oven with cream cheese you'll see that you were sorely mistaken. In fact, one can never really say that they've lived until they've had a fresh st-vie bagel. Honest.
St-Viateur Bagel Shop is an Institution it's that good. Since 1957, 24/7 they've been pumping out amazing Bagels, selling over 1000 a day.   I've been coming here since I was really young and I remember  Joe the owner was always cracking jokes and let me make my own bagel, dip it in the Honey Water and put it in the wood burning furnace, and get to eat some dough.. Yumm.   This place is just the best and the workers love their job and put Love into the Bagel, that's why it's that tasty. It's light and Crunchy on the outside, chewy inside, delicately sweet, and depending on your preference the Poppy, Sesame, Plain, All Dressed all have different overall tastes to them, so pick your Fav! Also they have a good selection of cream cheese, Hummus, butter, and beverages if you plan on having a Picnic.   My favourite is the Sesame seed Bagel fresh from the oven, just plain.  When buying the dozen ( or more) and bring it home , cut them in half and freeze them. That way you just pop the frozen bagel halves in the toaster and it comes out tasting fresh. Their website also offers info.  I also strongly suggest bringing the Montreal Bagels on your trips, they make great gifts. The Montreal Pierre Trudeau Airport when flying International offers the  St-Viateur Bagels in sandwiches and Bagels for sale by the half Dozen/ Dozen, so if you forget or don't have time to pick up your presents, here's your chance!  Yes I love this place and will be back as long as its still making Fresh Montreal Bagels.  This is a place I would take my kids when I have them.** Featured on The Layover , Antony Boudain Recommends: St-Viateur Bagel Shop"One of the best examples of the local style (of bagels), St-Viateur's hand-rolled, wood fire-baked, using the same Eastern European recipe they brought over half a century ago. They're very, very good."  **
Great bagels and are a tie-in with Fairmount bagels for me. Hot out of the oven.
Montreal's bagels. everyone telling me about how good they are.... so I guess visiting St Viateur is on top of my to do list for my weekend in Montreal.This location is the first I visited. Nothing fancy here, bagels... and more bagels.For this afternoon only plain, sesame and poppy seeds are available. We also pick up some smoked salmon spread to go with them.If you love your bagels dense, heavy and sweet... these babies are for you!
Poppy seed bagel, 0.75 each. Smells so good!!!! Soft and yummy : ) I love this area!!!!!!!
Bare bones bagel operation that's been around for 60+ years and it's absolute perfection - what more do you need than a huge wall of dough, some honey sweetened water in which to boil the shaped dough, and a huge wood fire oven for baking? Every bagel is served hot and fresh and ready for consumption. The bagged kind just doesn't compare to getting one hot out of the oven, but once you toast them they get perfectly crunchy again. You can buy cream cheese by the packet (or tub, if you're me). There just isn't anything quite like a Montreal style bagel. It's open 24/7 and they pump out 12,000 bagels PER DAY at this location. Surreal!
Got the recommendation from our hotel as one of the best places for bagels - definitely these bagels were delicious and are no comparison to what you buy at a chain grocery store. We bought a variety including cinnamon raisin, everything, and rosemary (my favorite). The texture is chewier. Glad we stopped by. Friendly and quick service.
3.5 (0.5 is for their prices)Some nut rated this place and five and said they were better than NY bagels. BLASPHEMY!!!!I know Montreal bagels are thinner, have a larger hole, and are prepped differently than NY/NJ bagels, but honest to goodness, NY/NJ bagels are on a whole other level! I find Montreal bagels so much harder to eat. Where is the surface area to spread the cream cheese? And where's the doughy interior? What kind of 'All Dressed' (or what we Americans called an 'Everything') does not have salt on them? =(But for what they are this place was good, prices are excellent, the amount of cream cheese/hummus/butter spread selections is great. Drinks too.I was able to walk out of there with a dozen bagels, a large orange juice and some Liberty cream cream for less than $18. Not bad. I must say their cream cheese is way better than Philadelphia. Will I come back? I'm not too sure. Maybe if I was stranded in Canada and not just visiting for the weekend.In a perfect world, Liberte Cream Cheese on NY/NJ bagel.
We walked in, bought an assorted dozen, walked out and headed for the airport. We froze the bagels as soon as we got home and there are still a couple left (it has been a month). The one that we toasted yesterday still tastes as wonderful as the first one we ate. These bagels may be the best food we got in Montreal.
Most Montrealers are St-Viateur fans or Fairmount fans.  Personally I fall into the St-Viateur category.  They have a small selection of flavours but I prefer it that way.   I'm also a fan of the wood-burning oven they use to make them as well as the fact that they boil them in honey water.  I always load up on sesame seed and poppy seed bagels when I'm in the area.  The best part too  is that they make them all day long so they're usually very fresh when you pick them up.  It's next to impossible not to eat one on the way home and your car is filled with the aroma of freshly baked bagels as you drive home.
Solid bagel shop, but a bit too sweet and some of the bagels were a little stale (not fresh?) and doughy.
Really very good bagels and thats coming from someone who was born and raised in NY. There really is no comparison because the texture is extremely different and Montreal bagels need to be appreciated for what they are.We ordered the traditional bagel which had lox, capers and onions on it. It was perfectly toasted and came with a small cup of soup or salad. We enjoyed our breakfast bagel so much that we bought 6 more to go-- eating them for lunch and dinner on our drive back to NYC from Montreal. My favorites are the sesame seed and the cinnamon raisin. I still love my NYC bagels and like that I dont have to toast them to enjoy them but I can appreciate Montreal bagels and their distinct taste. I will be craving them sometime soon!
There is a reason Montreal bagels are famous. Make sure to ask for a hot one, ooh my goodness the best bagel I've ever had!
Heard rave reviews about this place and had to try it.  We had our 2 year old with us and he got to see how bagels were made.  We ate everything bagels fresh out of the oven with simple cream cheese and it was delicious.  They have your choice of various cream cheeses or hummus to purchase.  Prices were affordable and the bagels lived up to expectations.  Highly recommended, plan on grabbing another dozen before we leave!  Cash only.
Off we went walking 2 kilometers in the cold for some Bagels 'cause we had Coupons.These better be some wacked out Rum soaked Belly Dancing Holy Moley Bagels.Alas, we arrived to this Bagel Shop looking like we just finished running the Ironman.At least we stumped the Bakers just standing still doing absolutely nothing...Except we waited for our Coupon Lady to show up.  Coupon not for this location???Our attempt to stuff this Coupon Lady into the Open Oven didn't work.We PAID for the assorted variety of Bagels and back the 2 km we crawled.What must have been 45 minutes after we left the shop, we arrived at the Hotel.We spread the Daily Offerings on the table and we feasted like nobody's business.These Bagels are fussy to say the least as it changes molecularly after being Frozen.The very best was this very first tasting sliced in half with Smoked Salmon on top.Unforgetable aroma of Sesame, crunch of the crust, interior dough soften by Salmon.The distinct sweetness of St Viateur Bagel balances saltiness of the Smoked Salmon.That's how you know you don't have any ordinary Bread underneath Smoked Salmon.You have a St Viateur Sesame Bagel.
I grew up on these. They are my late-night drunk food. They are the go-to's that I bring on weekend trips and brunches. No other bagel can compare to the awesomeness of a St-Viateur sesame seed bagel. Especially when fresh, piping hot and slathered in cream cheese.
A must-go when visiting Montréal. Amazing bagels. All the flavors are great but the Rosemary Olive Oil Sea Salt is my fav.
Ambrosia.   With the fresh cream cheese they sell in store there are few better food experiences on the planet.  To walk in at any hour and get one of these fresh out of the stone oven is a must have experience. I go here every time I am in Montreal and always bring a dozen back for others.
My first breakfast in the city of Montreal was spent here. It was a superb choice. I highly recommend the cinnamon chai tea as it was excellently made.I ordered the ham, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich with a side salad. The salad took a little getting used to but the bagel was a trophy in and of itself!
I don't think I've ever eaten almost three bagels in one sitting. That's wrong, right? I mean, people eat 2,3,4, donuts in one sitting, so why not bagels? I'm just comparing shapes here, people. I have to say though, the only place that has ever led me to the verge of gluttony was St. Viateur Bagel Shop. I really don't enjoy pointing fingers, but I have to blame them for giving me my two dozen while they were still warm. This just set me up for a downward spiral of bagel shame. They are just so delicious you can't eat just one when they are that fresh! However, when they are a day or two old, I can easily refrain from eating more than my standard serving of one. The bagels are made fresh at the shop every day, and you can even spy on the dudes in the back working away. Made there, sold there - plain, poppy seed, whole wheat, sesame seed, cinnamon raisin - stop me now! Grab a dozen or two and you're set for at least a week...unless of course you're weak like me...and you keep telling yourself, "Just one more...then I'll stop." Addictions are bad.
They really are that good. So is watching them come out piping hot from the oven. I ate mine still warm, nothing on it, soooo good.Go here for the best bagels. Enough said.
This was a fun breakfast stop during an October trip to Montreal. It was neat seeing the bagels being thrown into a pile after being freshly made. I enjoyed my bagel, though the taste was different from a NY bagel - growing up on Long Island, those were my default bagels, so I may be biased. I did enjoy the option of a rosemary bagel though. I would say this place is worth a stop overall if you're in the area or don't mind traveling a bit off the beaten path. I would give it a 3.5 if I could.
Came here to try the hyped up bagels.  I tried a sesame bagel. Unfortunately, the sesame seeds were were bad.  I took one bite and was very disappointed.  Took another bite as I coudn't beleve it and that was it. Trashed the rest.
They're different that's for sure.  Maybe I'm just a NYC bagel kinda guy, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.  They're dense, hard, and have a different texture from NYC bagels, a bit grainier I think... they're okay.  Sorry Canada.
very simple great fresh bagels made on site.you can see and talk to the guys making the bagels.order a dz. to bring back. these are great bagel not better than NYC but totally different.must stop and have one there's alway room for bagels!
The best bagel I've ever had. Ever. The warm sesame is crusty, soft, chewy, airy, slightly sweet and only $0.70. These blow NYC bagels out of the water. And I was initially a skeptic about this. Go here!!!
Friendly waitstaff, delicious food and lots of deserts! Definitely try the tasty bagel sandwiches. You also have an option of salad or soup on the side included with the sandwich. Your trip to Montreal will not be complete without stopping here.
What's not to love? Fresh and hot right out of the oven sesame bagels that will make you cry with delight. Had them pack up a dozen or so for the trip home. Were they as good the next day? Not even close but hey that's life. I like that they sold individual servings of cream cheese so no need to have delayed gratification.
these bagels are not to be compared with any bagel i've ever had in the States or NYC - smaller around, & thinner, with a bigger hole.  So a bit like comparing apples & oranges ... but honestly, i think these were better.  THERE! I SAID IT!  Dense yet somehow light - the sesame seeds perfectly toasted - and .70 cents to boot.  unbelievable.  we picked up some liberté cream cheese - a pretty obviously gamble that it's going to be better than Philadelphia Cream Cheese - & a smoked salmon spread - & strolled up to Olimpico Cafe to eat them.  incredible.  we came back again & again our whole trip to montreal.
This is the wholesale bakery of the world famous St. Viateur Bagel Shop.  THEY ARE OPEN TO THE PUBLICIf you need to come up with serious dozens of fresh bagels in an instant - this is the place.  No, they don't have all of the nice little extras, but what did you REALLY come here for anyway?But wait - Hate to wait? On Saturday and Sunday morning when the lines are REALLY long at # 263, a leisurely stroll down the block will get you as many of those fresh hot beauties as you can carry!
I was a tourist, and on the first night my friend took me out to the bars and then to try the bagels. This is THE place for a bagel at any hour. No frills, as it should be.
that's a good bagel.
My dad lived in Montreal back in the 70's, and every time he comes to visit here, he gets roughly eight dozen bagels. If he knows he's getting bagels from St. Viateur, he'll often borrow my mom's minivan to drive up to Montreal, to make sure they'll all fit. We've had problems at the border, a lot of US agents who have never had the fortune of going to St. Viateur think we're smuggling drugs amongst all the bagels. But no, there's really just nearly 100 bagels in our trunk. They're that good.
Accustomed to my Brooklyn bagels, I was very interested in trying a Montreal bagel. I loved it! This shop is also cool because you get to see the making process. I definitely don't think Montreal and Brooklyn bagels are comparable, but could totally be put in different categories, each being their own type of delicious.
I think it's overrated. I've had better bagels. But it was still good!
I tried the everything bagel with salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes and capers.  It was the best bagel I've ever had.  It's also the only 11 dollar bagel I've ever had.  Service was great, they accommodated my group of 5 on a very busy Sunday.  It was a good brunch, sangria, bloody Marys and tons of bagels.  Very close to a 5 star rating.
My wife and I were in Montreal for the first time. Traffic was a nightmare, the public transportation system wasn't differently-abled-people friendly, and we hadn't brushed up on our French beforehand so communication was sometimes an issue.But Lafayette, which happened to be in walking distance of our B&B, was a Godsend. Normally when we travel we don't visit the same restaurant twice because we want to experience different things. This time we agreed we were getting dinner there on our second night too.The food was great. I just got poultine, but as far as comfort food goes Quebec has America beat. First night was plain old regular poultine, second night was the Lafayette poultine which was topped with hamburger and onions. My wife got the chicken macaroni one night (this may have been the Chinese macaroni other reviewers are talking about - the menu was French and I made my orders without knowing 100% what I was getting.) I didn't think at first it looked that appetizing, but after my wife wasn't able to finish it and I took care of the rest (in the interest of not wasting food) I conceded that it would be perfectly delicious for whenever I'd need a brief break from poultine.The service was attentive. When one of the waitresses had very limited English she didn't act put out by our lack of French. The price was very reasonable.I've had good tasting poultine dishes in British Columbia but Lafayette's seemed more authentic. Now if only we could take public transportation from Olympia, WA to Montreal, QC so I could try the Italian poultine.
I live right around the corner of this restaurant. Love the friendly service. The food is what you would expect in this kind of restaurant. Hamburgers, pitas, pizzas, submarines and of course their breakfast! Huge portions for the price. I really like the food there. I pretty much tried it all but my favourite is the chicken pita platter. I always order the double pita so i can have some for later! Lol! My husbands favourite are their pizzas. The breakfast and brunch is also quite good! I recommend this place to all!
Diner- great omelette & poutine fries.Came with cole slaw and mixed veggies.Nice meal.Crowd was interesting.
This was a great restaurant and the service was cordial. The portion sizes were very generous and the food was delicious. I highly recommend the chicken and butterfly shrimp.
The best comfort food I've had since like forever. The Smoked Meat Poutine was the  star, and the portion was gigantesque. The hot-dogs had mouth-watering slaws and pickled onions, and the chicken sandwich was really amazing as well.The service was really fast, and food came out really quick. The menu selection was huge, and everything seemed so tasty (okay maybe not the "Chinese Macaroni", that looked terrible).The place was very crowded and very loud, but the atmosphere is great! You feel like a Québécois the moment you enter the restaurant. And when you hear the waitress asks if you want your hot-dog "steamé" instead of "à la vapeur," you know you've come to the right place.
Consider this your typical diner with nothing fancy about it. i am a fan of places like this for the simple yet delicious food. Especially nice when you need to cure that hangover. The coffee and food are great for the price. Probably the best inexpensive diner in the area.
Gotta love me some old fashioned diner food late at night when it's freezing cold and Paté Chinois is on the daily special. My dining companion devoured the fried calamari and gives it a 7 out of 10 which, all things considered, is high praise. A special note, one of the 2 people sitting next to us asked for very burnt toast. The banter with the waitress was really sweet and they had a good laugh and...he got his very burnt toast! He was tickled pink. The place is so welcoming at 10PM on a cold evening and it's great to get service with a smile and a meal that's filling, tasty and really affordable.
Really good "cheap restaurant". Poutine, burgers... I recommend their chinese macaroni. Good breakfasts too... The waiters are really nice and friendly, the owners (greek) are joyful and everybody seems to love their job ! Nice place for a quick and non complicated meal !
This is a "go to"  for me and my man! The poutine is cheap, big and one of the best we have tried in town. Their pizza is actually really delicious too! The service is fantastic here, always. It's has a very American diner feel to it. Good variety, good service, good prices and tasty food!
A good place to go. A local fixture in the borough. Opens early for the breakfast. Usually closes at 11pm (used to be 1am)Has a full meal menu (including soup and desert) where you can eat for 14-16 dollars.
best diner around and its open early and stays open late. The breakfast there was phenomenal! Just like being back in the US.....well except that the waiter who spoke french and broken english was from mexico and not Montreal. It is amazing how many people we thought were local that came from somewhere else. Our waiter was one of them. the place was owned by greeks who know how to run diners (most diners in jersey are owned by greeks) The portions were generous and the ingredients fresh. the place was clean and bright and had 'tude. Love it. I am just sorry we didn't notice the place when we first arrived cause I would have just eaten there for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!
The very best Italian poutine in Montreal !  I kid you not, I have a picture of it hanging on my kitchen wall it is such a thing of beauty.The regular poutines, the pizzas and the subs are also delish. They make all their sauces from scratch.The portions are huge and the price is cheap.Love to watch the crowd that hangs at this place.Service is always fast and friendly. It's a pretty big place so there is almost never any wait to be seated. Except during the fireworks shows in June.Nothing fancy, just good honest eats.
I thought this place was "Restaurant Lafayette"- don't recall anything about a hotdog.  Oh well.$7 for OJ, Coffee, 2 eggs, 2 french toasts, 4 bacon, 2 toast, roasted potatoes, and a fruit salad? Um. Yes please.Great food, cheap prices, doesn't look like a secret, but well worth a detour to Papineau Metro for a cheap and filling meal.
This is the temple of cheap lunch! They have good casual food at very cheap price.
This is my go-to place for a nice inexpensive breakfast or a juicy burger.  The people are nice, service is fast and the food is good.
This is a real good place to go eat. I love the food over there. The price are a real bargain and their portions are huge! The place isn't too fancy, but they know the food is more important. Last I was there, the waitress was a real pain, she was slow and messed up my friend order, beside taking 30 minutes to bring us the bill... usually they're faster, so hopefully it was the exception.
Best Brazilian Restaurant in Montreal! You can feel like home in there! I tried bolinho de bacalhau and caldo verde, just amazing!
good cozy family run business. you see the passion at there work. Great steak, calamari a la planche, ceviche. good but not wow. i guess i've been too spoiled with churrascaria too often and this is more a traditional home cooked style.
Really nice small restaurant with authentic Brazilian fare. The staff are very friendly and helpful and make you feel welcome. Decent wine selection, only one Portuguese bock beer. This restaurant is a real underrated gem.
Excellent food and authentic. Service was excellent and attentive. It's a great little gem if you are looking for real home style Brazilian food rather than the all you can eat grills.
Awesome home Brazilian cooking!  The proprietor/chef was welcoming, and very gracious in explaining all dishes off the menu, which was written in French.  Standouts included cod fritter appetizers, beef stew (fejaoda), steak, and the kaprinha cocktails.
Our group of seven went in for dinner on a Friday night. The atmosphere is nice and cozy and the staff were friendly. Having never had experience authentic Brazilian food, I was happy to try it out for the first time. I ordered a soup for appetizer and slow cooked meat stew for the main course. The caldo verde soup was good, and warms you up quickly from the cold winter. The stew was delicious. The pork and beef were very tender, and the flavors were very tasty. I only wished there was a little more rice or another starch, as there was so much sauce and it would have made the stew even better. Price was okay at around $30. My friends also enjoyed their meal. Overall, a great place to try out Brazilian food, and I would go back to try something different.
The service was extremely slow, and the food seemed to be overpriced for what it was. The food itself was neither amazing nor inedible.
They are now open for lunch Fri-Sun. We started with the chicken nuggets And had the Feijoada as a main.Service was excellent, the owner is a very witty and friendly man. The nuggets where good but I was no a fan of the doughy texture. He suggested the traditional slow cooked Feijoada dish with black beans, braised pork sausage, rib and beef (brisket I believe). It was very tasty! The meat was incredibly tender and had a nice slightly smoky flavour - reminded me of wood oven roasted meats from a Brazilian steak house.It was a very good hearty meal for a very reasonable price. I recommend.
so we had a UYE there some weeks back where I was one of the 2 regular yelpers to be present.. they brand themselves as traditional Brazilian restaurant. to be frank, i've never had traditional Brazilian food so I can't compare as I have no reference point but what I can tell you is that it's not bad at all. was it making your buds sing? it didn't sang much. not saying it was bad but I need to go back to try some more.anyway, I had the chicken nuggets which was OK and a fish ceviche which I don't remember the name of it. that one was flavorful and tasty. it came with a serving of green tortilla chips. green for the flag color obviously. extremely cheesy! service wise, it took a while, a long while. like most reviews, that's a problem for the place. there's only one cook and it's made to order therefore it takes forever.we got a nice chat with the son, owner of the place and learned quite a bit on the place and history of it. something you don't know about that they, for unknown reasons, don't mention much except through photos hanging on the wall, they cater to celebrities. movie stars, producers and the likes that come to the city, well, they cater to Hollywood.food is decently good. place is relatively unknown to a lot of people because of a big lack of marketing and not being savvy enough. anyway, if you have lots of time to kill and are in the neighborhood and hungry, it's a place worth considering
I was torn between giving this 3 or 4 stars. I decided to be nice :) The food here is really good! It tastes authentic and you don't leave feeling overstuffed, greased out or nasty. I found the Caipirinha to be okay - nothing really to scream about, but the other reviewers like it, so I would give it a try. Per the other yelp suggestions, we tried the Feijoada and Ximxim. Both were very very delicious.The thing about this place is the wait. We waited for more than an hour before we got our food and there was only one other party in the restaurant. It may be because the mother is the only one cooking. Yes, I appreciate that home-cooked style feeling, but not at the expense of me waiting more than one hour for any action. Another cook would be better. So, totally up to you. If you don't mind waiting a really long time, need some time to catch up with your long lost friend or lover - go here. But if you want something delicious and quick, keep walking.
Great food and great service. The owner is so kind and helpful when it came to our budget and food interests. He helped us order an amazing meal! Delicious pulled pork and beans,  coconut shrimp and cashew chicken on rice! The meal included soup and salad appetizer. He even told us how to eat the sliced orange before the beans as it aids digestion and is what Brazilians do :) I walked away feeling so full and healthy!
If you're looking for authentic Brazilian food, or if you've never tried Brazilian food before, you'll love this place. The menu has a great mix of options from different areas of Brazil - try the bolinho de bacalhao (they're like cod croquettes) and the coxhinha (fried mashed potato croquettes with chicken inside). The ceviche is also amazing! The staff are super friendly and warm. Definitely worth checking out.
We ate every last bit.  I recommend the Xim Xim. The Calamar grille was OK. The mango salad was tasty.
Truly excellent Brazilian food. The owners are a witty Brazilian man and his mother. She handles all the cooking with precision. Nothing here is rushed, or can be, for that matter. The decor is quaint, the service laid back --almost to a fault -- but the caipirinhas are truly outstanding and the food reminded our Brazilian friend of his childhood. As for us, non-Brazilians, we were thoroughly enchanted by the whole experience. Strongly recommended. And the prices are very reasonable, by the way.
Great Brazilian food, awesome experience.The owner is a funny man who made our dinner even better with his great sense of humor. The food was delicious, very home made, I had feijoada and my husband had xin-xin. Both were awesome.
Great food!I'm Brazilian and this is the most authentic food I have eaten in Montreal. Delicious! The service was a bit slow, but it was obvious that the food was made all from scratch in the kitchen.Overall the service was great, the food was well priced with good portions, the drinks were really nice!( great caipirinha!) Also the vegetarian menu was delicious! With soups and salads to go with it.
Great and authentic Brazilian food. Pastel, coxinha and the feijoada were absolutely perfect!
Try the Xim Xim (I think pronounced "zim zim"). I had it! A-freaking-mazing. Best dish on the menu.The first time I went here, my friends and I were wandering down St-Laurent looking for Indian food. We walked by and took a look a the menu posted outside. Being students, we were a little irked by the prices and were discussing this. A lady overheard us and started to say the food was really quite good. She then said she was the owner and makes all the food herself. She even used to have a catering business that served movie productions (hence the photos on the wall). So she promised us that if we didn't like the food, we would get our money back! We got in there, and (I think) one of her sons was the waiter for the day. He was hilarious while we waited for the food (which was just a tad long but so, so worth the wait). We ordered appetizers and main dishes. Main dish proportions were large, easily could feed two people but it was so good I ate it all myself.Last, we tried one of the drinks, I forget the name, but it was a specialty with limes and crushed ice and Brazilian liquor. The next time I was there, I ordered two of them. (And hey, at six bucks, they're not too bad!)Basically, really friendly people and amazing food was had at Acajou. Go!
Oh this place,about a year ago I happened to be strolling down Laurier trying entertain to some family , it was a warm balmy night , the air was still and our belly's were empty.we were looking for something to satisfy our hunger and provide a  comfortable resting place for us as a young family to catch up, talk about our new endeavors , and revel in the summer air we so cherish that is left ; in late august Montreal.As we entered the doors we were warmly welcomed by the presumed owner of the establishment. upon being seated and  ordering our various drinks, some of them being alcoholic , we felt comfortable and warm in comparison to the cooling night air we had so  been accustomed to seconds prior.lets just say the rest of the night was not so pleasant , my sisters peanut butter soup seemed really delicious, but also my brothers chopped up pineapple with sliced  ham seemed really good. once i finally got my steak it was cooked AMAZINGLY, the meat itself was blacker then the darkest corner of my cockroach infested apartment on the shortest day of the year. after our meal, whole faimily was accused of underage drinking. needless to say we spent alot of money . Acuju Br is one of my favourite restaurants in the Montreal , AND FOR GOOD REASON .Peace, love and recognition for  panama canal cuisine. if not for the  experience, come for the feeling and ethnic experience.sincerely ,          Stuart William Mitchell III
Visited Montreal for a weeklong family vacation last month. We had a lot of great food at various price ranges, some higher some lower. Went to the famous smoked meat places, got bagels, poutine (several times), the orange drink, etc. and even had some great Chinese food. Loved most of it.... but out of all the places we ate, Acajou Br is the one meal still on my mind! Their feijoada in particular is wonderful. They don't have many reviews but it should tell you something that all of them are very good. This is my first Yelp review.... I'm usually the guy who thinks "if a restaurant got my money, and I didn't send anything back, that should be enough positive feedback for them" but I truly hope more people learn about this place so they can thrive!
This place is mind-blowing. Awesome home-cooked style Brazilian food at an affordable price. Perfectly grilled meats, great vegetarian options, and savory smoothies (try the mango!) Don't get discouraged by the long cooking times - the owner/chef is making everything a la minute in the back. This place is simply glorious. To add even more to the proverbial pie, the owner gave us bowls of what I can only describe as the best lentil soup I've ever had, on the house, because of the wait. This is a gem that should not be ignored!
I tried Feijoada and Ximxim and both were delicious homemade dishes. The host is super friendly. Make sure to bring an appetite, these are filling comfort foods.
Alright, I love oysters, I love open air markets and I love the chance to eat oysters at an open air market!This afternoon while at Marche Jean-Talon we happened upon this small raw bar loaded with a ton of oysters. After walking past this kiosk a few times, my tummy got the best of me and I tried a few of their oysters. Let me tell you, I was not dissapointed.The oysters were the best that I have had in a while and they had such a great variety of types that it was difficult to choose. The man shucking the oysters was really welcoming and made it a point to have a conversation with us. At the end of it all, the only dissapointing factor was that my bank account doesn't allot me the oportunity to eat all the oysters my stomach would allow!Moral of the story, if you like raw bars, don't miss this one!
We got a plate of oysters while waiting for the rest of the family to finish shopping. We got the Explorateur -12 oysters (4 different types) from Europe, East Coast, West Coast, and America.Super fresh oysters, shelled right in front of you. The selection is amazing. Theres also lemon, their own infused vinegar mixture, and all types of tobasco. My favorite were the Kelly Oysters from Ireland. So large and deep, and very creamy milky texture. I'd come here again and just get those!
During my last Weekend in Montreal, I was at La Boite Aux Huitres slurping oysters TWICE. I guess I must love them enough to make a repeat visit.But what's not to love. Fresh Fresh Oysters and with varieties!! Skillfully shucked and beautifully presented. First time we ordered 4 dozen. Then we back on Tuesday again for their $1 a shuck. $1 oysters another couple of dozen please. Located at Jean Talon Market, you just cannot miss that.
Walked in and immediately wanted oysters.Shucked right away and the guy working was very knowledgable about what he was serving and gives out good recommendations!
Honestly, I've tried oysters in restaurants before and I've never been a fan as I thought they were slimy, icky and had no taste.  I know they are supposed to pair well with wine but I am not a huge drinker.Anyways, once I saw this place at Jean-Talon and tasted a couple, I fell in love.  This place had at least 50 different types that were from the US, Canada or overseas.  I think I had a total of 9 oysters and each one had a distinct flavour.  Regardless, they were all delicious and the people were really nice.  Shucked on the spot for you.If you go to Jean-Talon in Montreal, this little oyster stop is a must.  I will be back here next time I'm in Montreal.
Oh man. If you like oysters, this is IT!All super fresh. Amazing variety. Really made my trip.  Too bad they don't allow wine these days but it just allows you to focus on the flavors of the Canadian east coast.
Great fresh ice cold oysters with a fantastic selection from West coast (not my thing) to East coast (my thing) and Europe too. Small counter... Worth the wait. They also have fresh uni if you're there early. Lots of toppings though they're so good it's a crime to mask their flavor so go light on whatever you top with. Procrastination held out until now as I was there on 5/25/14.
A fabulous place to try some fresh local oysters to eat in my case for breakfast before exploring this vast market.Highly recommended!
I'm back and this oyster stand is still so wonderful as the last time I visited. Actually this is the first time I'm in Jean Talon market and didn't even bother strolling around, being at La Boite aux Huitres turned to be completely satisfying experience.I'm not sure if the place has grown more popular or it was just a busy day, oyster hungry customers kept coming. At first we were a little bit deceived by the small chaos surrounding the stand (one can call it bar as you actually can sit around it), but once the bottle of white crispy wine was in front of us and oysters ordered everything was perfect. No need to go to SAQ anymore, there is a stand of local Quebec winery just next to La Boite, they will supply bottle of wine or cider with their tasting glasses making the experience classy. We had a dozen of oysters for 30 dollars, good deal for the quality and another six, including the gigantic ones from my picture that were buttery and you have no choice but eat them in two bites. People were having good time around and we did too .... number 99 never appeared to claim his oysters, regardless of the persistent calls of the personnel, I hope somebody else ate them.....So where would you like to be on a hot summer day in Montreal? For sure at La Boite aux Huitres slurping Canadian oysters and drinking Quebec wine!
This place is freaking amaaaaazing: oysters of all shapes, sizes and saltiness from east to west coasts. Your bounty is served up in a cute wooden box all shucked and pretty for you. The conversations and the people that you meet at the counter are always top notch and best of all? It's BYOB...nothing goes better with oysters than a nice white wine or a delicious bottle of champagne (the SAQ is literally 15 steps away, so you have absolutely NO excuse!) My only complaint is that the market hours aren't longer in the summer, so I cannot make this my dinner spot as the market closes at 18H on some week days: Boooo!***UPDATE: we wanted to have my birthday dinner here but the market closes at 6pm. The owner had some oysters put aside for me as a consolation...umm hello, best business ever! I am your most loyal fan La Boite aux Huitres! Bisous
We were happy to be part of La Boite aux Huîtres's first ever edition of the "Merci pour les Huîtres" event ("Thank you for the Oysters" event) in collaboration with Virginia Seafood. Three kinds of oysters were part of the event: J&W Seafood from Lower Bay Western Shore, Massawadox Salts from Upper Bay Eastern Shore and Sewansecott from Seaside.A little suggestion, the next time you will pass by the Jean-Talon market, come visit La Boite aux Huîtres and slurp some fresh delicious oysters! We promise you will fall in love all over again with the sea because we did!
Oysters of many varieties, shucked before your eyes, and presented in an adorable wooden box. They have both sweet or saltier ones, I like both so I had 2 sweet and 1 salty, while my companion had 3 salty ones. We agreed that all were delicious and perfectly fresh. On the side is some grated horseradish and lemon slices. You can also add tabasco sauce or malt vinegar. What else could you want? A nice snack, and great to enjoy with a bottle of cider purchased in the next stall.
This place would be an easy 4-star review, but because they let you bring a bottle of wine (from the SAQ just a few meters down the road), I had to make it 5. Let all other business owners on Yelp take note: Booze = Stars. The more you have, the betterThey have a great selection of oysters. From huge ones from the NE United States, to small (but tasty!) Japanese ones. You can easily get a selection by the dozen, and it's by far the best way to try out what's on offer.We had grabbed a bottle of white wine down the road, and we were able to sit at the bar and drink it with the oysters. When it comes to oysters, that's all I really need to have with them.It isn't cheap, but we're talking oysters here. For what they're serving, the prices are very reasonable.
Fantastic OYSTER BAR the entrance of Marché Jean-Talon. Prices are expensive, but the quality is VERY good. Do not expect happy hour prices. =P Ranges from $2-$3.50 / piece depending on the type of oyster you get. Dining "in" cost extra cuz they shuck it for you. To-go is a little cheaper, but unshucked. They have combos, or you can pick whatever you like. If you're unsure have them explain the oyster taste to you. We got a mix of salty and creamy oysters. Sorry can't even begin to remember where they were all from ... all over the world... many I have never heard of like "Phat Bastard' ... , but every single one tasted fresh and wasn't at all too salty. Wish we could've ordered every single one. =) Comes with a side of fresh horseradish and lemons on ice. Worth a stop in the market... great for sitting around, eating oysters, and watching the life of the market. :) Oh and if you like hot canadian guys shucking your oysters, this is a must stop ... *looks at someone in particular*
Stopped by while roaming the aisles of Marche Jean-Talon and couldn't resist trying some fresh shucked oysters from PEI (Prince Edward Island) and other local farms.Ordered a half dozen, shuckers choice, and they shuck them right in front, pack it on ice and mignionette and other condiments are in bottles on the counter. I'm giving 3-stars because they weren't as organized and somehow our order got lost between the cashier and the shucker so they skipped over us and then started bickering between themselves about why it's so disorganized.The oysters themselves were super fresh and cold and I wish I could have had a few dozen more.
Good service, very friendly staff. Oysters are delicious. I'd give a 5 star of they had more sauces or garnishing given other than lemon and tobasco sauce. But it's very yummy nonetheless!
A great way to start your morning at the Jean Talon Market.  They're just at the entrance as you walk you.  Sit down on a small counter, pick out your oysters, have them shuck it, and serve it on a small box.  Go early before it gets too busy.
Blackberry os my favorite oyster here!
Really delicious, great selection and fantastic service. Oysters are served shucked in a little wooden box full of ice. A delightful little stop at the Jean Talon Market. Super fresh oysters and affordable at an average cost of $2 - $2.50 per oyster.
Top notch oysters and friendly service. They turn a blind eye to brown bagged beers nd wines as well ;-) SHHhhhhhhhhhh...
While strolling through Jean Talon on a spectacular sunny day, we decided to stop and try this cute little oyster counter we saw the other day, located on the north-eastern s corner of the market.  It's a simple bar, with a couple of guys shucking oysters, we did not want to do full on so we just tried a quicky of 8 x 1$ special of the day oysters.  They are served on ice in a cute little box, all the fixins like hot sauce, malt vinegar, and of course lemon are available and it is very friendly.  In the short time we were there we saw many regulars show up and chat it up with the staff, you can tell they get lots of repeats and so they should.  The hubby asked if this was a byob, and sure enough they said yes! So if your in the hood, and want to try something different then your all set.  Eating oysters in the market, can beat it.  They have a good size selection and the prices seemed more than fair, I do believe they sell to go so it's a great way to sample before you buy.
Small, simple cafe on the edge of the gay village that serves one of the tastiest lattes I've ever had. Free WiFi, a few tables, and some local art surrounding the central counter are just about the only accoutrements here, but it works well for the environment. Limited selection of baked good available. I had a savory scone (warmed up and tasty), but come here for the delicious coffee.   The friendly barista offered up a variety of beans for my latte and happily suggested the Brazilian when I asked for some guidance. Foamed to perfection with a full, creamy body and not a hint of bitterness, the latte arrived promptly and was the perfect way to start my day. My girlfriend had a chai latte with the house almond/coconut milk, which I also had the pleasure of sampling. It was much lighter than my traditional version, but the flavor was similarly excellent. Prices were very reasonable across the board.  On our way out one of the men working behind the counter (maybe the owner) spotted to ask us how we liked everything, asked to us about our experiences in Montreal, and suggested a few other places to visit while we were in town! I'd come back any day just for the coffee, but the prompt and friendly service made it clear that they're interested in delivering not just a superior product, but also create a welcoming environment for their customers. I highly recommend you stop by and check it out if you're in the area and looking for a great cup of coffee!
We ordered a mocha latte and a cappuccino both were perfectly prepared. The cappuccino seemed a little bit more like an espresso I know it's not supposed to have much milk in it but this had a very small of milk in it. Yet it was so smooth and not acidic at all that it was very enjoyable. The mocha latte was perfect as well. Would definitely order both drinks again. They have a few tables inside with a different one right at the front window you do need to be careful so you don't fall off and get hurt. We couldn't get the Wi-Fi to work but it looks like other people were if we were staying longer were.  Would have asked for assistance but we weren't staying that long. Definitely recommend.
Location: Just off Ste. Catherine Est, in the Village. Street parking available [metered] and the closest subway stops are Berri and Beaudry [green]. The place: Very small with a communal table and bar-type seating right in front of the window. Obviously I chose the window because I like to look at people look at me when they walk by. It's a super casual atmosphere and there's no pretentiousness of any kind. Also, I didn't see any hipsters. I did stop in on a Tuesday afternoon so the place was quiet. I'm not sure how it looks on the weekend. The goods: I ordered a Macchiato with the home made almond + coconut milk. The milk is awesome and totally worth it. These guys use Pilot coffee, which I sometimes like, while at other times, it leaves me indifferent. I had a custom blend that was roasted specifically for a café in Québec City that was awesome. The blend used for this Macchiato was OK but it was a little bitter for my tastes. I still enjoyed it though, and I'd say these guys are in my top 6 coffee spots. Yes, that's right, SIX, not five!Service: The barista was so, so nice and friendly. Price point: $3.50 for the Macchiato, though I think there might be a surcharge for the home made milk. I forgot to ask. All in all, a very respectable coffee joint in this part of town. Check it!
Super cute cafe! Visited just this morning. Sat down with my partner to plan our day. I got a chai latte with the almond/coconut milk and it was delicious. Staff was really friendly and offered suggestions of fun things to do in the area. We wish we had a cafe like this near us.
Located a bit further east than I usually venture, I had to come here after reading the reviews... And the place did not disappoint!First of all, although I love plain ol' cow's milk, almond milk is my default for coffee, so I loved the house blend of coconut and almond milk. The coconut milk added an extra je ne sais quoi that worked perfectly with the nuttiness of the almond milk and the toasty notes of the espresso.They have a variety of baked goods on offer. I chose the banana-chocolate square, which was on the dry side, but it was pleasantly banana-y and had just the right amount of chocolate.The seating isn't the most plentiful and the arrangement isn't the most inviting, but it isn't terrible either. The window seats are perfect for people watching, but they're also up on a platform, so you do need to have some sense about you when going up and down - especially when you have one of their precious lattes in your hands!Will return for sure.
Pourquoi Pas Espresso Bar serves hands down one of the best lattes I've had in Montreal so far! Located in the Village, it is easily accessible to downtown dwellers, workers, tourists and passersby. The only downside I find is that it closes so early (6PM everyday).Small and simple, the venue is decorated with cutesy works of art for sale. The barrista was very nice and produced a killer frozen latte. What more could I possibly ask for?
I went through the trouble of re-activating my YELP account just to post a review and give this café a well deserved 5 stars. Their "house milk" as other have mentioned really drives their product home. If you're in the area and you're looking for a excellent coffee based drink, or even a small snack (muffin, cookie, brownie) do not skip on the occasion to pay them a visit. The staff is friendly, not to discount others but Tony and Emma are extremely friendly and will make you feel like family! Another thing I found surprising is the amount of work that is put into making the right coffee; they weigh out the grounds and then weigh the coffee once its poured so you know it's consistently great. 10/10 will drink their coffee again!
Pourquoi Pas is my favourite café east of Saint-Laurent and south of Mont-Royal, and among the very best in the city. All their beans are from Pilot in Toronto, the coffee organization behind the excellent Te Aro on Queen East and Crafted on Ossington. PP came through a recent change in ownership with completely consistent coffee. They have retained their (unusual for Montreal) rotating, two-option bean menu for espresso drinks, each posted with a few descriptors on a chalkboard. The staff are some of the sweetest and most welcoming folks you'll meet at a Montreal café, and they have a devoted local following in the Village. They've had a flat white featured prominently on the menu for years, and it is excellent, just like their lattes. Good wifi, and a rare, mostly (maybe all) vegan baked goods spread.
The soy latte I got was good if a bit too foamy. The lemon-berry bar was delicious. The space is cramped but the window seats overlook the street. The location is just off the Main Street through the Gay Village. And yes they have soy milk!
great café in le village!while they use pilot coffee, it is their house blend almond milk that really makes the coffee shine and worth going back for more. well, if you're in the neighborhood.the place is really small with one community table and plenty of counter seats. there's no A/C in the place so it gets really hot.so don't forget to ask or say yes to their almond milk. that's the star of the café!
Definitely the best latte I've had in Montreal. The baristas have been very friendly each time I've visited and given suggestions on bean selection. The café itself is a little bare, but has some nice window-seating and is clean and inviting. Coffee is pretty much the only option, but it's good enough that that's ok.
I had an excellent latte and scone here.When I ordered the scone, the gentleman behind the counter asked, "Do you want me to 'eat it up for you?"Not sure why he wanted to eat the scone I just purchased...
As good as Piccolo's Espresso Bar, and slightly cheaper. My go to coffee shop if I'm staying in hostels around St Catherine's, or indeed when I'm willing to walk for it.Choice of daily roasts (Ethiopian and Colombian when I was there). Serving staff were great, and price was right ($2.75). Had free wifi and you could sit at the window looking at the world, or at the bar chatting. A must go.
Coffee as coffee should be. Lots of respect to the process. The best coffee for those who care ;)
Pourquoi Pas Espresso Bar is a great place in the village for anyone anyone that wants a great cup of coffee (They serve other stuff but their speciality is coffee). I came of couple of times before. This time I ordrered a Flat White, a hot cocoa and one of their homemade yogurt. The decor is standard for a coffee shop. Which means that you can either sit at a table, at the bar or closer to the big bay window giving a great view of Ahmerst. The service was laid back and professional. All of my questions were answered quickly and I was even asked some more. I was offered to either have my Flat White with home made almond milk, soy milk or with cow milk. All of the options were nice little options that made my experience even better.The coffee was obviously the star of the afternoon! I had a Flat White which was totally different from the one you can get at Starbucks. First it wasn't drowned in hot milk. Second, it tasted like actual coffee. Third it was totally delicous. My cocoa was also very good. It wasn't overly sweet and the cocoa tasted a bit like cinnamon. The yogourt was served with dried fruits. It was as delicious as it was healthy.Will I come back? For sure I will!
A great little spot with an impressive selection of coffee to choose from...perfect for 1 on 1 meetings. A noteworthy mention to the "screw head" Pourquoi Pas Espresso Bar signage in the storefront window.
Wow!!! Great coffee and company !!! The attention to detail, the smile of the barista , makes you want to come back ! See you soon!
Wonderful staff and delicious coffee in the heart of the Village. Worth a return visit for sure!
Mocha was luke warm and super expensive, nearly $5. The lady who owned the shop was really nice though, salvaged a poorer coffee rating.
Face meltingly good coffee and espresso. I am not exaggerating at all when I say that this is the best coffee I have ever had. They have multiple grinds available every day and the barista can tell you the details of each without batting an eye or pausing to think. Words can't really express how good the drinks are here, but I'm about to try.Espresso drinks are complex beasts. The espresso shot needs to be good, which means your grind must be good, which means your roast must be good, which means you actually have to care about your product and put a ton of effort into it. If you can pull a good shot, you still have to get the milk right. I know that seems like it should be the easy part, but it's a detail that you can't overlook. Most places, even dedicated independent coffee shops (not just Starbucks/Dunkin/Tim Hortons), get their milk too hot; when you overheat your milk it gets bitter and acidic and no longer serves as a foil to the bitterness/acidity of the espresso, but instead it amplifies all the bad flavors you don't want.  When I placed the mug between my hands and they were warmed but not scalded I knew I was in for a treat. My expectations were exceeded in ways I couldn't have imagined in my wildest caffeine fueled dreams. After I scraped my face off the table I finished my mocha (not too sweet, not too milky, jusssssst right).  On top of crafting amazing drinks, Tony the barista is super friendly. I felt welcomed the second I walked into the bar. On my first day in Montreal he gave me a sample of their freshly delivered baked goods (the onion tart was AWESOME). Then he recommended I try a few things and when I came back the next day he not only remembered my name but asked how my day had gone and had a few more suggestions. Nicest guy I met on my whole trip. The interior space is limited but I'd say it's more "intimate and cozy" than "cramped." They don't have wi-fi but there are a few plug sockets if you're desperate. After you finish your drink, try their water. There won't be a bitter taste in your mouth that you need to rinse out and your mouth won't be burned but you'll be doing yourself a disservice if you don't try their super delicious water before you leave. No, I'm not joking. The water pitcher is filled with lemon peel and fresh thyme sprigs which is the dopest water combination ever.When I return to Montreal, this is my first stop.
Aeropress of the day is excellent coffee.  This is really high quality stuff.  If you require cream and sugar, skip Pourquoi Pas; the subtleties of good coffee will be lost.  Nice little shop, friendly staff, decent prices. A few people have said the best coffee ever, and while I don't agree, it is quite good.
For someone who drinks as much coffee as I do in as many cafés as possible, it's rare for a café to truly surprise me. Pourquoi Pas did, and in a very good way.It started with ordering a latte. I was met with a simple question: what kind of milk? The options that followed were not the "skim, 2%, whole" that I'd expected, though, but rather, "house-made almond/coconut, soy, or cow's milk". Hearing "lait de vache" come across, with a slight prickliness to it, caught me off guard. (Of course I know milk comes from cows, but never when ordering a drink does that fact come to my attention.) I stumbled. I fumbled. "Regular, you know, um, milk." Herp de derp, smooth move, Katie. After tripping over my obviously non-vegan beverage order (callous carnivore as I am), I looked at the menu more closely and noticed that cow's milk carries an extra surcharge, and is indicated by a weepy broken heart on the chalkboard. I was tickled by their apparent display of ethics (and judgment?), and determined to try their lait maison the next time, so I could be a cool and compassionate coffee snob, too. I also noticed that their standard coffee was an Aeropress, which gets props from me (I love my home Aeropress), and also noticed the striking lack of other options on the menu. This is, uncontestedly, an espresso bar. A one-trick pony, perhaps, but that one trick is a showstopper.The latte set before me -- made with creamy dairy goodness stolen from the mouths of bleating calves at their mothers' teats -- was phenomenal. Perfectly balanced, not bitter in the least, and made with a perfect microfoam swirled into lovely latte art. Mmmmm. The next time at Pourquoi Pas, not even a week later, I tried their house almond and coconut milk, and was impressed. It made great foam, and had a rich but sweet nutty flavor. But, for all that, even with the added bonus of self-righteousness for not exploiting our bovine friends, I regretted not getting cowmilk. Sweet, delicious, calorific, uncompassionate cow's milk. I'll placate my conscious by imagining that the extra charge goes toward buying the most wonderful, single-origin, free-range, fair-trade, grass-fed, eco-conscious milk from the happiest cows in Quebec. Or one can hope.
Amazing  Espresso... Their name implies exactly what they are good at.  The atmosphere is  very relaxing too.
Coming up on their 1 year anniversary, Tony & his small crew are cranking out top notch espesso drinks matching the best in the city (Myriade, Névé/Flocon, Café Plume, Pikolo).Good bean, grind, machines, and baristas.  All you need for fantastic espresso.Beans are from Te Aro (Toronto based kiwi Andy Wilkins), meaning Pourquoi Pas is skilled enough to earn the right to buy their roast.- Te Aro has one 24kg roasting machine = capacity to support ~ 30 cafés- Canadian roasted coffee is duty free to USSo, one can infer that Pourquoi Pas is judged by Te Aro as one of the top 30 cafes in the ON, QC, and possibly IL, NY, MA area (the reasonable shipping cost area)Wow... too much caffeine = crazy tangents.If you're gonna get wired, why not do it with the best?p.s. their wifi is up and running
Trying out thus place first time.  Ordered two latte one of each of their daily espresso roast.   Both I love.  Friendly staffs here made a perfect latte with their house milk (mixed of coconut milk and almond )  very pretty latte art.  Which made the latte looks and feels extra special.  ^_^  Will definitely come back to this little place of heaven when I am back.
No wiifi and he was mean about it.  Americano tastes bad and the chairs are very uncormfrtable.
There can never be enough caffeine in me these days and I am very grateful that Pourqois Pas is close to work. Yes, it's not the fastest place to grab an espresso, but all good things take time. Usually two types of beans to choose from, you can have the house blend of coconut and almond milk for any coffee bevies normally requiring dairy.These guys know their stuff and are super friendly!
Come for your caffeine fix, but that's all she wrote.Any place which serves you different beans based on you having either a black it white (milk) coffee is doing a good thing.The place itself is nice and obviously new, but I wasn't such a fan of the seating arrangements - it's very much a coffee bar, not a cafe, so don't come planning to spend a long time here.I was going to give this place 3 stars because they also have no food available (none at all!), but in the end I decided the coffee was good enough to warrant 4 stars. I ordered a flat white and it came out more like a piccolo latte, but maybe that's just an Australian opinion.This is the kind of place I wish I lived next to, so I could hit it up on the way work everyday.
Delicious ! Delightfull! A gentle whisper of study and read. The coffees are real and tasty.
Fantastic coffee oasis.  Highly trained, passionate, and pleasant baristas.  Great coffee options.  All around well done
I loved this place! I wanted a good coffee spot near our hotel in Montreal and I found this cute little spot thru Yelp. The set-up is really laid-back and the barista was very nice and friendly. He even gave us recommendations for our stay. And the cappuccino was great so we came back again while on our short trip.
Pourquoi Pas is hands down my favourite espresso bar in all of Montreal. They do everything right - from the source of their coffee beans to the way they make their coffee; the simple atmosphere of the store; and the welcoming personalities of every one of their owners and staff. To be honest, I would give them more than 5 stars if I could. It's no accident that their coffee is so well-made: the owners Tony and Tyler have a real passion for creating great coffee, and the quality of every cup of coffee matters to them in a personal level. They charge a pretty standard price for coffee. Each cup of coffee is topped off a nice little latte art as well (as shown in the photos).
What I like about Pourquoi Pas:- Serious espresso drinks- Delicious almond+coco milk- Friendly owners and baristas- Free wi-fi- Te Aro (Pilot) fresh beans on sale. Must try the ViIla Donia! ;)Enjoy!^_______^
the best coffeein the worldor at least the parts i've been to.
I had a delightful latte here, and one thing that I noticed that was actually pretty awesome, was not having to pay extra for either soy or their house blend of coconut almond milk. Cow milk on the other hand was extra. When I got here, they had an array of sandwiches in the fridge (as well as salads) and offerings of vegan donuts. I didn't have a chance to try them but will give them a go next time Im in.
Im a decent barista, but these guys are amazing.  Totally progressive in their approach. Ill admit I was apprehensive at first.  Most impressive was the complexity of their single origin.  No need for a blend...I tried the el salvador (cap)and burundi (macchiatto) the default coconut or almond milk is a plus, but most baristas cant pull that off and make it taste right.  It tasted right. These guys are official.
Only OK in comparison to many other third-wave coffee joints in Montreal. A little slow (they only seem to take one order at a time), decent coffee shot (choice of roast is a nice touch) but the milk was upsetting. Well, as upsetting as milk can be. Almond-coconut milk is a nice concept on paper but kind of turned out as Franken-milk in practice as it made the cappuccino taste much too coconut flavoured (hello Starbucks!), and it wasn't even particularly well-steamed. Of course, you can choose regular milk but annoyingly it's not the default so you have to pay extra. That said, it's the only third-wave in the Village area, so, props for trying?
What a wonderful little coffee shop! It's small, cozy, welcoming and, above all, the coffee is delicious. And if you're a fan of almond milk, ask for their homemade cocoa almond milk. It's amazing!
They don't come any coffee-snobbier than me, and I dug this place.  Took the barista's recommendation and had the latte with the house almond/coconut milk.  Magnefique.
Another great addition to the growing third wave family in Montreal. Friendly knowledgeable staff serving up te aro on a little 2 group marzocco. Tasty shots, great milk and attention to detail. As others have said, more of a bar than a full cafe, so leave the laptop at home. Take a look on the chalk board where you'll find the day's selection of beans and don't hesitate to chat up your barista.
The coffee is excellent. The staff are friendly, helpful and eager to discuss their coffee and give brewing advice. They carry and brew Te Aro coffee from Toronto.  One can typically choose between three kinds of coffees for cups consumed on the premises but they sell a larger selection of beans as well. Another point of interest is they serve flat whites.  The focus is on the coffee, there is limited seating and wifi is not available.
The short version: best coffee in MTL.The long: I recently moved here from San Francisco and I've been hunting for a place with coffee as good as philz or ritual or blue bottle. I've tried olimpico and cafe neve both of which are fine but pourquoi pas is the first place that really reminds me of home: great coffee, great staff, no attitude. Its got to be in the running for best coffee in the city.  I'll be back often.
let's just start by saying that just because i'm italian doesn't make me a coffee expert... BUT it helps!! i've drank so many espressos in my life at so many places that my palate is a bit critical!!please never drink espresso where they write eXpresso (clue #1  !!!)i stumbled on Pourquoi Pas while parking right in front of it, so after my lunch i decided to make a stop and try their coffee. i was pleasantly surprised just by the place itself, very small nothing fancy, great smell, a good ol' coffee shopdon't know the names of the 2 guys,  but they are just great and serviceable.being served a shot of mineral water to rince your palate is a great way to impress me (not all good places in Italy even do this anymore!!)the SHORT espresso was fantastic: nice nose of hazelnut? kinda biscotti type, nice ring of «schiuma» (little foam on top) and the taste was to my liking: a bit of acidity (wich some people might not like) and well balanced on the intensity.can't talk about the other coffees they offer 'cause i'm an espresso man, but i can't imagine how they would go wrong, since they seem so professional with their approach.the prices of coffees are really reasonable not overpriced at allthe only reason i did not give them 5 stars is because of their food prices, maybe it's just me and all the other places do it, but 1,50$ for a small cookie (as good has it might be) is way too much for me.to all TH and Starbuck lovers, continue to drink ur diluated bad water/coffee!!i know it's not possible, but we start by rincing our palate with mineral water, we could finish by rincing our cup with...  GRAPPA!!! Salute
I enjoyed my coffee Americano, my sister was disappointed in hers.... she's not familiar with African blends ,consecquently, did not like the very light looking coffee or the taste. Very pleasant,attentive staff, very airy, sun-filled  space but limited seating.One can sit here and relax  and just enjoy one's coffee while watching the world go by on a quiet afternoon.
What a treat to find this fantastic espresso bar. I am visiting from SF and second everything said previously. The staff was friendly and gave me several food recommendations for my trip. The espresso was as good as my favorite haunts back home. The shots were pulled with care. This place is a must stop for any coffee lover's trip to Montreal.
I read the other reviews and went. Fantastic. All they do is coffee and, I guess tea, so don't go for any other reason. But they are very serious about their coffee, very nice, and totally unpretentious. I tried two different espressos today- a Brazilian and a Tanzanian, and both were expertly made. Will go back tomorrow for further adventures. They also gave me (a first time visitor to Montreal with no French) a whole list of food recommendations around town. I went to the Marche St. Jacques as suggested and it is spot on for my taste as well. If these reviews speak to you, then this is your coffee place...
The coffee is wonderful, and Tony really gets people together.  His cold brew is my local favorite
Love the laid back atmosphere here...if you didn't find this place online you'd probably never know it existed as it's kind off the beaten path. That being said, it's totally worth the trip.They have the best manakesh pizzas that are made in a wood burning oven, the smell just lingers around this 2 floor joint. Not only can you enjoy some amazing and authentic middle eastern food as well as drool worthy desserts, you can also just hang out with friends and smoke shisha for a few hours. The best part is that the prices are so low. I mean, the pizzas are like 3$The staff  and owner are really inviting and kind as well, a definite place to check out if youre around concordia!
During the entire winter, whenever we went for a walk downtown, we had to finish the evening with hot fresh mint tea! And of course, being foodies, we order a wrap and desserts alongside our tea as a real midnight treat! Their wraps are baked in a stone oven, the outside being crispy whilst the inside just melts in your mouth! When you're done with it, you literally crave for your next visit to have that experience again!Their desserts are of a high quality, homemade traditional arabic delights such as kunefe and baklava, prepared with love and passion. Before serving, they drizzle a homemade honey syrup over the dessert which is amazing!! The interior is basic - cosy and warm but they need to step up their heating system. It is a great place for takeaways especially desserts which they are popular for. The staff are always welcoming and at your service.
Great service!!!! And the manakeesh is super cheap! It is $5 for the egg and cheese, and it is thin and crispy. It's baked in the wonderful brick oven.Now they make LOTS of desserts too but they are not insanely sweet. I've had these kinds of desserts before but very artificially sweet, it's weird. I never liked these kinds of desserts. But here at Al-Baghdadi, they are quite delicious!! I love the sesame one the most.
Delicious manaeesh, pizza pies, calzones and fatayer, I tried lots of things and everything was super tasty. The dough is cooked fresh in a brick oven and it's perfect....I ordered the lahmajoun (meat pie), Zaatar manaeesh, the chicken manaeesh and the cheese ones, I also had the mergez cheese calzone and it everything was amazing. As side dishes I had hummus, labneh, the spicy potatoes and everything was fresh and delicious. The staff are friendly and service is fast. Highly recommended.
I was in Montréal with my husband and we were trying to celebrate our anniversary.Sunday night and almost all places were closed, just a few were open, but the prices (especially in Villa-Marie) made us feel as though we were being robbed.So we quick searched on Yelp "turkish open" and we found this place. Thankfully we found this place.The food is delicious and the price is unbelivable. I felt that I was stealing from the place because we paid so little for the amazing quality and taste.The owner is a very attentive person and treats you kindly.We had:Manakeesh (ground beef): it has a complex flavor, hints of cinnamon made it an amazing flavor with great smell.Fatayer (cheese): simply amazing. Seriously, try it.Pita with hummus: smooth, good creamy consistency and flavor is nice. The taste is simply a very great hummus, with no other mixed tastes.Their pastries: we tried all of them and, no exception, all were exceptional.This place should have a 5+ on reviews. It definitely saved our night celebration.Plus: they have brick oven that's wood burning.This is a real must try in Montréal.
We came on Saturday, and now here we are back on Sunday.Delicious manakish, one of a kind.The best I've tasted in town.I got a hummus manakish with a cheese wrap. My husband got the kefta manakish and chicken wrap. The bread is so good and fresh, the taste is just amazing. To finish off this amazing meal, we got a sort of creamy dessert. Sugary but not so much that it would hurt my stomach. Meals are so cheap too so if you're on a budget and you need a tasty filling dinner, you're at the right place.
This place is a hidden patisserie/ shisha bar that's tough to find.I didnt try the food, but it looked delicious. As for the shisha we got grape/lemon/mint and it was really really good. I would come back here for the shisha but my only complaint would be that they dont really have many options. Other places usually have tons of options and are able to mix flavours, but in this place they dont really know how to. But still, its a nice place to chill with friends, smoke shisha and enjoy the conversation.As for the service, it was amazing. The waiter was very friendly, made tons of jokes and made us laugh even till the second we left.
Been meaning to get around to re-review this place. I have been coming here a lot more since the first time I had walked in here months ago.Ill begin with the staff. They are all very friendly and really make you feel welcomed.The food is still as amazing as it has always been. The fresh baked breads in their oven really make a difference. I highly recommend their calzones.The hookah area upstairs is great. Nice and cozy. I especially like that they provide us with natural coals as opposed to quick light coals. A must for any true lover of shisha.I have tried many shisha places around Montreal and this one is always my go to. If only you could order a beer ;)
My husband and I went here for lunch recently when we were in Montreal.  I thought it was ok, but my husband really liked it.We ordered 3 Armenian Pizzas: the Chicken ($3.95), the Lahmbajeen ($2.75), and the Sujouk ($3.50).  The pizzas are 9" each, so they are a good size.  The crust is super thin, so one person can definitely eat 1 pizza.  I was able to eat 1 1/2 pizzas no problem.They make the pizzas to order, so you do have to wait a bit for them, but it's worth it because they are fresh.  The pizzas are more like Middle-Eastern meat pies (Lahmajouns) and not Italian pizzas.  The Chicken Pizza was probably my favourite.  It was topped with finely diced chicken and spices.  The Lahmbajeen Pizza was like a traditional Middle-Eastern meat pie, it was topped with a thin layer of ground beef with tomatoes and spices.  I found this pizza a little bland.  The Sujouk was similar to the Lahmbajeen except it was spicy (hot) and for some odd reason very oily.  I found the topping was too oily and I didn't like it for that reason.  My husband really liked the Sujouk Pizza.The staff there are very nice.  The place is deceptively big inside.  If you are looking for some fresh Manakish, you can come here.
A hidden gem on Lincoln st. Loved the food, cleanliness, and the spacious seating area
Delicious makaneesh thing.  Ask for spinach and cheese, it's amazing!! Also I ordered a small cheese pizza, its adorable and good for one person.  The desserts..didn't try But they must be good! :)
What the hell with this place?  I mean could it be true?  I sure as hell am not in the middle of a the dessert experiencing a mirage!  This is frankly a place with a whole bunch dudes running around making GREAT pastries and my favorite Middle-Eastern desserts.  I swooned!  Granted, they didn't have Katayef but I will get over it because I ordered the Osmalieh bel Ashta and it was astronomically delicious; I didn't even pour the sugar syrup on.  There was no need to.  Also ordered the Soujok wrap which was good but didn't knock my socks off like the dessert but then again, anything with ashta steals my heart.  I want to lay in it!  Don't miss out on this place.  Not the warmest but by far one of the best dessert spots.
Cheap, quick, tasty! I didn't expect to have such a fresh pizza dough by paying just like 3-4$ for each plate. I liked the atmosphere too, with not perfect but warm-hearted service. They don't do their job for getting tips. We get more than what we pay and I definitely come back there.
A fourth experience and still as excellentThe service perfectPolite and very friendly staffDo not forget to order The mix sheesha :)
Not sure if we went there in their not favorite day or not.... They have a menu with hugeee selection of desserts.. We were so excited to order.. But the guy told us there is only one type of desert are available! So we ordered it was so old and taste bad.. We had a tea too.. Supposed to be Iraqi style but it was burned too much!...  The location is not suitable for people with wheelchair/stroller/disabled... No I don't recommend this place to anyone.. I was so embarrassed with my friends there ;(
We came here after reading all the great reviews and I'm really suprised it got more then one star. And honestly, I would actually give 0 stars!First of all this place is nasty! The tables where dirty.... Everything was really worn out looking and filthy.We ordered Zaatar and Halloumi manakeesh. They are ok. The Halloumi had maybe 3 very tiny slices of Halloumi, that didn't taste like anything. The zaatar was mostly dough with a little Zaatar sprinkled on top. So if you like Lebanese/ Middle Eastern food DON'T come here!
Great place! Very inexpensive, and the food is consistent! The spicy meat calzone is a bit greasy, but by far one of the better pizzas in Montreal! Their dessert selection is extensive, and delicious. Pretty good bread overall, fast delivery.
To be honest when I first came here with a friend I was not very tempted to try any of their desserts. They looked so strange and foreign. Tried some sort of dessert in a huge pan and it was soo good. They microwaved it and i still have no idea what it was but it tasted like melted cheese and sugary rose syrup.
A nice and friendly place to have a quick bite. All the food was delicious and reasonably priced. More of a relaxing atmosphere, and the service is not necessarily attentive so if you need anything just ask.
really good food for the price. Nice atmosphere, nice people!Would definitely go back.
Only 4 flavored at 10pm on a Saturday.  No coal exchange after an hour of smoking and ordered water bottles...about an hr ago...not sure how hard it is to bring water bottles.  AND it's not that busy.  Need more help or better customer service
The wrap I got was superb--the bread/wrap was baked on-order, and the half-spinach half-cheese base cooked into the bread thereafter.  Stuffed with olives and tomato (you get to choose), tasted great, and cost close to $5.I got 6 baklava to go (one of each flavor available) for $5--really all good, and so many other sweets to try--I would if I could!Only downside was that the service was uneven.  The restaurant was quiet for early lunch; I got my wrap ordered and cooked immediately.  Nobody was servicing pastries, and I had to wait a while for that.  I wasn't in a rush, so it was OK, but ... not very organized service.As an added bonus, however, because of the slow service, the waiter insisted that I receive my baklava "on the house".  The food was too good for me to accept, so I wound up tipping extra to make up for the difference.
This place kicks butt.  Sea of pastries and sweets.  Will definitely go back to this place.
Best falafel we've had. Great texture. Highly recommend.
Cheap, freshly baked yumminess a hop away from Concordia! The "pizzas" are very well priced...basically you can make your own toppings. I had a pizza with spiced ground meat, cheese, onions, some veggies...We also tried a chicken topped one which was very tasty. My only issue was that the spicy meat was not spicy at all and pretty "meh". The winner here is the crust that they bake on demand when you order. There is a small wait due to this, but nothing atrocious. Employees were very nice. We were the only girls in there haha. Seems to be frequented by younger Arab men. The sweets we tried (baklava and some other pistachio ones) were not the best. Shisha is available as well upstairs. Cheap eats!
This place has awesome desserts and awesome "pizzas". We loved the food and have been back couple of times. A great place for a snack or a meal. I absolutely recommend it. P.s. Their special tea is pretty yummy too. I generally ask for a bit of honey on the side to sweeten it.
Very nice place! I read about this place on yelp and found some good reviews about it. So I though I would try it. The place is really nice. They have freshly baked pizzas with bread baked right there in their oven. They have a section for pastries! Really delicious and fresh ones. They have a place to sit (on the upper level) specially for smoking shisha, but fortunately it is not too crowded nor it is full of smoke. I do not smoke shisha but like the smell as long as the environment is not full of smoke. I really enjoyed this place. You should give it a try.I ordered a turkish coffee here. Really liked the taste. It was different and after asking the owner he said it is a blend of different coffees plus a touch of cardamom. I really loved it.
Takes all night to get service, still waiting for the water I ordered 30 minutes ago. Friends say hookah is alright. Total bro run biz
Delicious 'usmaliya'...dessert made with vermicelli noodles and a sweet yummy cream on the inside which is just the right amount of sweet :) their mango smoothie was fresh and delicious too! It was a little on the quiet side when we visited but the freezing cold weather outside meant that not many people would want to go out anyway, I can imagine this place being an amazing get together place in the Summer! Would definitely come here in the Summer and looking forward to trying their Baghdadi drink which seems to be a heavenly combination of all things good and calorific :)
Place is nice Owner is a good guy Amazing Lahm b'ajeen Great pastry I'd come again if I ever went back to Montreal
This is an up and coming Middle Eastern bakery that hasn't lost its touch just yet, hopefully it never will! Every single restaurant that has attempted to run in that particular location has always shut down, but so far... this one has stuck around the longest and seems to be gaining popularity. It has definitely won me over.The interior is quite large, spacious, and looks great - making it worth it to sit and eat there too. Al-Baghdadi has a beautiful brick oven and you get to see them do everything from scratch, from the making of the dough until it is ready to be served! They have a variety of options, add-ons, and desserts to satisfy your palate, and the staff are welcoming, funny, and will always recognize you.Perhaps a part of me expects more because I, myself, am Arab, but I think I just appreciate and expect tradition and quality more than anything. It's hard to find an Arabic restaurant that gets everything down right, and I have never been disappointed in all my visits here. I definitely recommend it over Al-Taib, hands down.
We waited almost an hour for some appetizers and tea. The food was cold when we got it too. The shisha was great. I don't think I will come back because of the wait and the cold food. The waiters were really nice and apologized for the wait though. We paid almost $60 for a few appetizers and shisha, a little pricey I thought.
I've only had the cookies from here so I can't comment on the savoury foods. If you need to bring small cookies for a gathering (workplace or fun) this is the perfect place to get lovely bite-sized cookies at a very reasonable price. I'm not sure of the price calculation, but the only comparable cookies in presentation sold nearby is nocochi near the museum on Sherbrooke, or the bakery at Adonis on ste cath, but this place is easily less than half the cost of nocochi, and looks nicer than a box of cookies from the grocery store.
I've been there for several times. Every time, the service was fantastic, they are truly polite and friendly and they help you to choose the thing that you really want. Even when you don't have any idea about the food, they describe it in an understandable way. Shisha is a good part and don't miss the sweets which you never forget their tastes.
I have written a review on a seperate page for this place where you can see all the photos.This is one of the best places in downtown montreal for a delicious affordable fresh meal.They also have shisha in a seperate room upstairs.You are an idiot if you go to Al-Taib for a flatbread instead.  You have no excuse unless you have 4 minutes to get food into a bag.
After attempting to eat at Qing Hua just down the road and rudley told no close to closing time we stopped here and wow what a great find. I am not sure if we ever did this but we started with dessert. It blew our minds away how good it was!! WTF they put in there. I never had anything close to this but on the island of crete. then the food came which was all excellent. We tried as much as we can or the body can. I will be back and Qing Hua lost us as a customer...,.avoid very rude but good food.
Sweetness: This places rates on all 3 measures of Atmosphere, Service, & Food :O)Atmosphere:  Al-Baghdadi Pastry (ou Patisserie Al-Patisserie en Français) is located on Lincoln Avenue, a relatively quiet street just off Guy Street (near the Sherbrook intersection).  Since place is run by an Iraqi family (hence the name) - and it run very much as a family business.  The place itself if well lit, clean, and spaciously designed with a stone hearth welcoming patrons as they enter, and an elevated inner section where the full menu of freshly baked Arabic desserts is on display.  The place is not exactly designed for sit-down dinning, given that the menu itself is constructed of items often take-out to eat rather than enjoyed at a dining table (more on that below)Service: If Al-Baghdadi fails in anything - slightly - it's the service.  Not because it's bad mind you! Given that it's a family business, the staff seems a little undermanned and as such the serivce may be a little slow or rushed at times.  If you know how to speak Arabic (even a little) you'll find that the staff if very friendly and talkative - being very proud of what they do.  Good people.Food: Ah - you'll love to eat here.  This isn't a "slam, bam, thank you mam - type of place" (a good example of that is "Al-Taib" on Guy just a few steps away).  The wait may be longer but the food is always made in front of you, and is served piping hot.  From Zahtar (thyme) to cheese Manoushe, to spinach and meat triangles (Sambousek) etc.  Typical Arabic bakery food at its best (a little more pricey than the competition but worth it).  Al-Baghdadi, REALLY excels however is giving you the best (and I stand by that) Arabic sweets in down-town Montreal (if not all of the city).  They may they best "knafeh" (baked cheese sweet with warm sugar syrup), as well as other Cheese and Cream (Kashta) Filled Sweets in addition to Gourmet Baklava (many types) and Mamoul.You'll love the authenticity! Go!
I really love the food here. Cheap, fresh, and delicious. Order a Zataar and cheese all dressed, or the egg and cheese. Desserts are also super amazing. This place is the real deal, and the food is awesome. I even like their fruit cocktail drink, which is like a guava and assorted fruits smoothie. Amazing!
This review is based solely on their desserts. The first day I went there, with the intention of getting kanafe. I knew they would probably run out quickly, so I decided to give them a call. Their phone is constantly busy or they just don't want to provide proper service to their customers. It is probably the later. When I arrived to the restaurant, they did not have any kanafe, so I opted for the baklava. Their phyllo pastry tasted old. Their sugar syrup was lacking. The whole baklava was rather soggy. Definitely not the worst, but not best. Would not go for just baklava. The next day, I came for kanafe. I would give it an 8 out of 10. They serviced it cold, but maybe that was my fault, because I told them I wanted it as takeout. As for the customer service, it was horrible. I had to stand around waiting for someone to give me eye contact. I stood at the counter for 5 minutes. All in all, go for the kanafe, but be prepared for the bad customer service.
There is plenty of seating..and we were starving but the food took over an hour to come. Even though it was the middle of the day and the restaurant was otherwise empty.  However the food was delicious and fresh and hot. But not sure if I can sit through a wait like that again..brutal
Loved it. Huge brick oven, super-fresh bread and yummy pastries. And cheap for the high quality -- probably the best value for food during our time in MTL. Not sure how or when it gets used but there are two more floors of seating upstairs.
Al Baghdadi has perfected the mana'eesh like no other in Montreal.. It's done perfectly in brick fire .. Love this place for weekend brunches and late night hunger strikes .. Satisfying every time.. And luckily .. I live half a block from it..
Super  Arabic- style chicken pizza, as well as others, served fresh out of the wood burning oven. Piping hot,lovely crisp crust,tender chunks of roasted chicken,and not at all salty. I had a side platter of tabouli which paired beautifully with the pizza. I decided to hell with the calories and to just live a little, and ordered a good slice of cream-filled pastry,freshly made, for dessert, with a cup of tea to wash it down,and it was excellent. The restauarant is divided into 2 sections, the front preoccupies itself with  lunch/dinner items, and has only 4 tables, the large back section, is Mid-Eastern  pastries galore, but you  can order and sit where you like. There is also an upstairs, with waiter/ress service. Glad I came here instead of that "other" place,wish I'd only made the trip here sooner, will definitely be back!
excellent kunafa, baklava and other treats. Special Turkish coffee. And service with a smile. Can't wait to come back again!
Un petit restaurant - traiteur qui vaut le détour ! Avec son entrée au 1er étage, sans Yelp nous ne l'aurions sans doute pas remarqué. Accueillis gentiment dès l'entrée, nous nous sommes laissés conseillés. La pizza arménienne (Manakish) au Sujouk (boeuf épicé), et celle au poulet étaient délicieuses et légères. Nous avons aussi dégusté de l'houmous avec une petite salade et du pain. Puis nous avons fait le plein de patisseries orientales aux pistaches et noix de cajou. Un restaurant qui allie simplicité, qualité, gentillesse à un prix incroyablement abordable. Bravo !
Nice little coffee shop great latte a nice break before heading for a Movie just in front
Such a charming coffee shop! I had some tea, and it was delicious. The staff is beyond friendly, good music playing and calm atmosphere. I will sure be back for some coffee.
Best cappuccino in Montreal so farExcellent not overroasted coffee. Well done foam. Served with a glass of water. and nice place, quite corner off busy street with outdoor seating.
I tried latte. I felt it just latte, nothing special. But I really like the quiet environment. The almond croissant is good. I liked it, although Mr. Tang felt it a little sweet to him.
I wind up here at least once every visit to Montreal, especially if I take the Greyhound bus which stops right nearby. Solid coffee spot near St. Denis, and comfy little space to sit and work a bit. Loved the Kendrick Lamar soundtrack for my last visit.
Coffee was out of this world and high quality.  This is off the beaten path and looks more like a place for locals than tourists, I would absolutely go back again.
Delish. Great coffee and great tea (coming from next door - Camelia Sinensis). Absolutely delicious baked goods. I don't know where they're from, but I want to eat them all.Warm, cozy and bright. Friendly staff, decent seating, close to many things. Certainly worth the trip off of Saint Denis's crowded sidewalks.
Latte parfait. J'ai aussi pris le muffin pommes caramel avec ... Un régal ! J'ai failli céder pour le muffin citron-graines de pavot mais j'ai été raisonnable : ce sera pour la prochaine fois, car c'est clair qu'il y en aura !Seul bémol : le confort des chaises ... Un café aussi bon se doit d'être dégusté de manière plus "cosy" !Aussi mention spéciale pour l'utilisation du système Chemex ! Je ne pensais pas le trouver dans un commerce !
strong. bitter. acidic. best in moderation.not only are they open somewhat late but they are tucked away from the busy quartier latin main street making it not as sought as people rarely venture that far off from st-denis. sitting right near the movie theater, it's a great place to grab a coffee before a showing or if you're waiting for friends to show up before a night of drinking or if you're waiting for a table because the place you want to go is full and you left your number for a call back.it is not really made for studying though as the tables are quite small leaving you not much space.staff is very friendly and price wise, st-henri coffee has always been on the high end of independent coffee so expect to pay a bit more.nonetheless, amongst the many chains in quartier latin, it's good to have standouts
I finally found a coffee shop in town that does pourovers and it did not disappoint! So tasty I didn't need milk or sugar in my coffee and that happens so rarely. I must go back for a French press!
Their espresso is perfectly made; As such, their Americano is absolute perfection. This third-wave coffee shop always makes my evenings with my wife very special. There is something about the coffee and ambiance here that makes the conversations ever-so deep.Perfection; Absolute perfection. May this place remain perfect and exist as such forever across time and space.If I lived near this coffee shop, I would visit it many times a week.
My husband and I really enjoyed our visit at Café St-Henri Émery. Their small little shop is simple and intimate, and their coffee tastes very good. Our barista was very passionate about coffee and explained us well the differences between the grains available. I recommend the latte with almond milk; it's delicious! We will visit again for sure :)
One of the best places to get a coffee in Montreal, and tucked away down a small street. Staff are friendly and great small cafe atmosphere.
A cute little place close to St. Denis. Yes it is charming and quiet, but maybe not a very optimal place for studying if you need access to a plug. They are located up high and hard to use unless you have a super long cord for your laptop. Temperature was cold at first but the barista increased it when I asked.
Lovely little spot tucked down a pretty alley off lower St Denis, right where you might hope an exceptional cafe would be. Run by the St Henri folks, these beans are local and the roast is strong, clear and delicious. There's not many who can manage to balance taking something like coffee extremely seriously with a long list of coffee menu items at the door, detailed questions asked by the skilled baristas, beverages delivered with cloth napkin, cool water,  filtered coffee made in small batches for you with love; and love is the operative word. Not pretentious, not showy, just interested in care and craft and providing a wonderful experience. Enjoy your coffee, relax in the old wooden chairs rescued from local schools, rubbed smooth by generations. Maybe think about things like craft, learning and love. Or maybe just enjoy that sweet good coffee buzz. Your call.
I love the coffee here and the wait staff is super friend. The atmosphere is nice, though it can be hard to find a space.
If you love small, quirky, university town coffee houses this is the place for you. The big chains have conditioned me to know that the people serving the coffee know nothing about the beans. I entered and ordered, and then noticed the server was making herself a coffee...with a press and a timer!  Ok, let's see.  "What's you best coffee today?"  What she said nearly made me cry.  She KNEW coffee.  As we talked she even recommended other shops.  What a great place!
A quiet cafe just off St. Denis in the Latin Quarter on a quiet street called Rue Emery that you may not spot right away. Look for a teal round lit sign sticking out that says "cafe". The mocha was $4.75 which is comparable to most places in Montreal though the drink was a bit too smokey and dark and the chocolate was a bit gritty for my tastes. BUT, the barista I encountered here was super passionate about coffee and all things related. I was engaged in a very informative conversation with the barista; he told me a lot about the coffee scene here in Montreal and mentioned a few other recommendations. Loved his enthusiasm.
Hand pull, four grinders with beans of various origins, sweet espresso... Yes this is a place for the espresso hounds, coffee geeks, and pull purists.  As someone else noted, your espresso comes with a glass of water (no plastic) and a cloth napkin. Tres elegant.My major gripe: they open at 10. If they are striving to be an Institution, they need better hours. But perhaps the locals going to work are not in their audience?In any case, there really isn't much good coffee in this part of town, so if you're an espresso hound finding yourself near Berri-UQAM, this is your place.
This place is a must if in Montreal. Bought a bag of whole beans, was given a free espresso & cookie (no promises). Had a great conversation with the barista. Comparable to Blue Bottle.
Nice little coffee shop great latte a nice break before heading for a Movie just in front
Such a charming coffee shop! I had some tea, and it was delicious. The staff is beyond friendly, good music playing and calm atmosphere. I will sure be back for some coffee.
Best cappuccino in Montreal so farExcellent not overroasted coffee. Well done foam. Served with a glass of water. and nice place, quite corner off busy street with outdoor seating.
I tried latte. I felt it just latte, nothing special. But I really like the quiet environment. The almond croissant is good. I liked it, although Mr. Tang felt it a little sweet to him.
I wind up here at least once every visit to Montreal, especially if I take the Greyhound bus which stops right nearby. Solid coffee spot near St. Denis, and comfy little space to sit and work a bit. Loved the Kendrick Lamar soundtrack for my last visit.
Coffee was out of this world and high quality.  This is off the beaten path and looks more like a place for locals than tourists, I would absolutely go back again.
Delish. Great coffee and great tea (coming from next door - Camelia Sinensis). Absolutely delicious baked goods. I don't know where they're from, but I want to eat them all.Warm, cozy and bright. Friendly staff, decent seating, close to many things. Certainly worth the trip off of Saint Denis's crowded sidewalks.
Latte parfait. J'ai aussi pris le muffin pommes caramel avec ... Un régal ! J'ai failli céder pour le muffin citron-graines de pavot mais j'ai été raisonnable : ce sera pour la prochaine fois, car c'est clair qu'il y en aura !Seul bémol : le confort des chaises ... Un café aussi bon se doit d'être dégusté de manière plus "cosy" !Aussi mention spéciale pour l'utilisation du système Chemex ! Je ne pensais pas le trouver dans un commerce !
strong. bitter. acidic. best in moderation.not only are they open somewhat late but they are tucked away from the busy quartier latin main street making it not as sought as people rarely venture that far off from st-denis. sitting right near the movie theater, it's a great place to grab a coffee before a showing or if you're waiting for friends to show up before a night of drinking or if you're waiting for a table because the place you want to go is full and you left your number for a call back.it is not really made for studying though as the tables are quite small leaving you not much space.staff is very friendly and price wise, st-henri coffee has always been on the high end of independent coffee so expect to pay a bit more.nonetheless, amongst the many chains in quartier latin, it's good to have standouts
I finally found a coffee shop in town that does pourovers and it did not disappoint! So tasty I didn't need milk or sugar in my coffee and that happens so rarely. I must go back for a French press!
Their espresso is perfectly made; As such, their Americano is absolute perfection. This third-wave coffee shop always makes my evenings with my wife very special. There is something about the coffee and ambiance here that makes the conversations ever-so deep.Perfection; Absolute perfection. May this place remain perfect and exist as such forever across time and space.If I lived near this coffee shop, I would visit it many times a week.
My husband and I really enjoyed our visit at Café St-Henri Émery. Their small little shop is simple and intimate, and their coffee tastes very good. Our barista was very passionate about coffee and explained us well the differences between the grains available. I recommend the latte with almond milk; it's delicious! We will visit again for sure :)
One of the best places to get a coffee in Montreal, and tucked away down a small street. Staff are friendly and great small cafe atmosphere.
A cute little place close to St. Denis. Yes it is charming and quiet, but maybe not a very optimal place for studying if you need access to a plug. They are located up high and hard to use unless you have a super long cord for your laptop. Temperature was cold at first but the barista increased it when I asked.
Lovely little spot tucked down a pretty alley off lower St Denis, right where you might hope an exceptional cafe would be. Run by the St Henri folks, these beans are local and the roast is strong, clear and delicious. There's not many who can manage to balance taking something like coffee extremely seriously with a long list of coffee menu items at the door, detailed questions asked by the skilled baristas, beverages delivered with cloth napkin, cool water,  filtered coffee made in small batches for you with love; and love is the operative word. Not pretentious, not showy, just interested in care and craft and providing a wonderful experience. Enjoy your coffee, relax in the old wooden chairs rescued from local schools, rubbed smooth by generations. Maybe think about things like craft, learning and love. Or maybe just enjoy that sweet good coffee buzz. Your call.
I love the coffee here and the wait staff is super friend. The atmosphere is nice, though it can be hard to find a space.
If you love small, quirky, university town coffee houses this is the place for you. The big chains have conditioned me to know that the people serving the coffee know nothing about the beans. I entered and ordered, and then noticed the server was making herself a coffee...with a press and a timer!  Ok, let's see.  "What's you best coffee today?"  What she said nearly made me cry.  She KNEW coffee.  As we talked she even recommended other shops.  What a great place!
A quiet cafe just off St. Denis in the Latin Quarter on a quiet street called Rue Emery that you may not spot right away. Look for a teal round lit sign sticking out that says "cafe". The mocha was $4.75 which is comparable to most places in Montreal though the drink was a bit too smokey and dark and the chocolate was a bit gritty for my tastes. BUT, the barista I encountered here was super passionate about coffee and all things related. I was engaged in a very informative conversation with the barista; he told me a lot about the coffee scene here in Montreal and mentioned a few other recommendations. Loved his enthusiasm.
Hand pull, four grinders with beans of various origins, sweet espresso... Yes this is a place for the espresso hounds, coffee geeks, and pull purists.  As someone else noted, your espresso comes with a glass of water (no plastic) and a cloth napkin. Tres elegant.My major gripe: they open at 10. If they are striving to be an Institution, they need better hours. But perhaps the locals going to work are not in their audience?In any case, there really isn't much good coffee in this part of town, so if you're an espresso hound finding yourself near Berri-UQAM, this is your place.
This place is a must if in Montreal. Bought a bag of whole beans, was given a free espresso & cookie (no promises). Had a great conversation with the barista. Comparable to Blue Bottle.
This microbrewery housed in a renovated modern space in what used to be a nunnery serves up some tasty beer. The space is perhaps a bit too modern as it felt a little too trendy, though perhaps because it was largely empty around lunch time on a weekday. With a larger crowd it might feel more appropriate. It was pretty awesome to watch the brewery in operation right behind the window inside though and made the beer taste super fresh. The service was incredibly friendly and helpful about the beer. They don't have a huge selection as they are still pretty small compared to many other brewpubs in the city. The beer they do have though is reflective of the focus and attention to detail being a smaller brewery forces on them. The golden ale was bright and crisp and flowing with flavor. If they continue to make beer this good, they'll be growing in no time.
A local pub with very friendly staff.Food: I had the falafel - $12 with no sides is too pricey (they have no grill so there are no fries or anything fried)Beer: on-site brewing provides yummy beers - there's a ton of blonde beers hereService: very friendly quick service that quickly turned into long waits, so overall not good serviceAmbiance: good lighting, nice decor, fairly cozy - I'm a fanOther thing to note: kitchen staff are distracting as they play around in the back (you can see them through the bar directly under the TV) - they were also eating the food while working which is not conducive to a hygienic bar
It's a shame that we only had the one lunchtime to try this restaurant. I would have loved to give it another chance - the ambiance seemed like it would be a nice place to make your 'local' for slightly higher class (and price) food and after work drinks. Unfortunately we went during poutine week (apparently a thing in Montreal :-)) and they were packed. Thankfully we'd made reservations since we were a larger than average group. Not only was it loud (in a boisterous friendly way), they ran out of poutine (!!). The food we had instead was good and a generous enough portion for a mini express lunch. In short, we had fun, but it was a shame they didn't realize how popular they'd be and couldn't plan ahead.
We had the $16 lunch menu. The boar burger was pretty good, try it.  The pulled pork sandwich was decent but the potato soup was too salty, the potato salad was smoky and unflavored and the coleslaw side was tasteless as well. So in essence, I paid $16 for the burger.
Waited forever to orderThe food has not been seasonedCOMPLETELY OVERPRICEDWasted $30 on a plate full of unseasoned chicken. fucking disappointed
Am I in Montréal? Why am I listening to loud American classic rock music? Why do I think it's loud? Am I turning into an grumpy old person? OK no time to go there! Just enjoy the yummy food & drinks!3 appetizers, 1 cider, 1 beer and 1 main course= $36.76. Five of us were full and happy! Must order: CHOUCROUTE GARNIE-Beer and smoked boar sauerkraut with potatoes and bacon! Super hearty and delicious.*Note- there are three price points ($12, $14, $18) for the main course menus based on the portion size!
Well done! Brief beer menu, but what was available was phenomenal. Service a bit slow, but it being Canada day I'd give them the benefit of a doubt they were somewhat understaffed. Will be back to sample a more unique menu!
Beers were very good, ribs fall-off-the-bone tender, poutine a rather insane but admittedly tasty variation on the usual. Staff were friendly and we got a table very easily.
Awesome beer and excellent tapas!  Really like everything here and one of the few restaurants I seek out on a Montreal trip!
Another micro-brewerie, the beer is good i tried the white beer Camelia ( a tip to la dame des Camelia from Sarah Bernard !), it was a good white beer with a little aftertaste of sencha tea i like it as it's a genuine beer you can't  find at every corner.As for the meal it's a bit pricey as the main course are just a plate without fries or veggies, i order the wild meat stew with deer and buffalo and it was good but you don't have anything else on the platte and for 18$ i expected more than just a stew.My friends ordered grilled cheese that were good but a bit expensive at 12$.So it's a micro-brewery that expect young professionals to pay more for less in their plate but the beer is excellent.Bon un autre micro-brasserie à Montréal ! La bière est excellent j'ai  gouté la camélia (une allusion à la pièce de théâtre La dame au Camélia de Sarah Bernard !). C'Est une excellente bière blanche avec un arrière goût original de thé sencha .Il y a des bières originales que vous ne trouverez pas à chaque coin de rue comme les bière des 3 brasseurs !Pour le repas j'ai commencé le ragout de gibier avec bison et cerf et c'était excellent quoique pour 18 $ j'aurai espéré des frites ou une salade compris avec  l'assiette.En résumé c'est une micro-brasserie pour jeunes professionnels dont ça ne leurs dérange pas de payer plus pour avoir  moins dans leurs assiettes mais plus de qualité !Donc je ne sais si je retournerai à cette micro-brasserie, mais pour la très bonne bière c'est un excellent endroit !
Rude staff, got a lot of eye rolling and attitude when I asked her to repeat one of the options. Had the duck salad, was limp and drowned in an awful sweet sauce.
Arriving midnight after Igloofest this lower McGill street bistro wasn't packed and wasn't screeching with bumpcha bumpcha so we ducked in and sat on the couch against the wall and ordered giant mugs of stout, nuts, olives and homemade spicy beef jerky. The service was perfect; always there when you wanted it but discreetly disappeared when you were deep into a conversation, and even when we lost track of time and talked till 3pm we were never given the slightest hint of rush. The stout was delicious and giant mugs are both economical and swashbuckling, and the long list of beer imports certainly had me curious to come back for more. The snacks were fine, and gladly received given that the kitchen was already closed. The decor rubbed me the wrong way. Though the lighting is sexy and dim and attractive and the space holds all kinds of potential there is this forced "modernness" that is actually very 90's dated, cold and uncomfortable. Why all these hard chairs, and stiff couches with half backs where you hit your head if you lean back? Why with the window treatment of cold angled slabs, why so much metal and white? I'd love to see more stone, wood, a fireplace, a connection to the actual space and history all around in Old Montreal and even right there in the name. Huge potential here and I'll come back, but my quest for the perfect cozy Old Montreal bar continues.
Nice interior. Good service. Pretty good menu. (Potato is so so.) Beer is decent. Not too loud. Overall pretty good.
Great microbrewery! Walking through Old Monteal, we stumbled upon this place and decided to try it out. Really cool vibe - modern, clean look. Excellent beer on tap and great food. We loved the tapas - cool variety of unique options. We were really impressed with the service, as they made great recommendations for food and drinks.
Nice place.. the decor is a little odd (metal, glass, plastic), but  the ambiance was low-key. The two beers I had were excellent -  'Ninja IPA' +' I'm Batman' Imperial Stout.
Went there last friday evening before the fireworks at the Old Port. Place was busy... busy with loud (and drunk) men... The beers were good though not exceptionnal (tried the stout and the blonde). The food was good but you have to like smokey. We had the pork sandwich and the ribs. Plates were very small for the price and we left still hungry!
Two glasses of wine (30 dollars) on a windy sidewalk as the sun was setting. The service was friendly.
A new microbrewery in Montreal... one would be tempted to say what's new ? well everything. First thing to be reviewed in a brewery is the beer. The General Manager of this business has a long experience in brewing and it shows. These beers are just as good or better than what you would get at Brasseurs de Montreal, L'Amere A Boire and other good locations for beer. They have a decent choice. I tried many and they are all delicious in their own style. They also import rare beers. In short it is clear that the owners have a passion for excellent beer and deep knowledge. The staff is knowledgeable too and able to comment and make valid suggestions.Then comes the location. It is located in my favorite area of Old Montreal. Not right in the middle of the tourist traps, just a little bit west, where the real Montrealer has its quarters. The building belongs to the religious community of Les Soeurs Grises or used to (that remains to be clarified) and has been renovated with simplicity, sobriety and taste. You really feel comfortable to stay a long time there.Where the real surprise was, which prompted me to give 5 stars, was the quality of the food. They have a tapas menu and a bistro food menu, but none of them are standard fare. They all have their special twist. I had a grill cheese complete with Charlevoix cheese, chorizo and fig jam... it was pure pleasure. I love sandwiches but I never thought I could love them so much ! my friend had a BLT which he enjoyed thoroughly too. Next time I'm definitely going for the hot dog !I think this place is definitely going to become my spot for the months to come and I strongly suggest people to try it.
Dined here looking for a casual night out. Their specialty is artisanal beer coupled with anything smoked. I ordered smoked trout ($14) and a sauerkraut side ($4). Duck drumsticks w coke+cream dipping sauce to start ($8) and a brownie to finish ($6). Everything tasted good, the duck meat was tender and fell straight off the bone. Good beer selection too. The atmosphere was nice, however the table next to us was very loud and spoiled the ambience a bit. Too bad, but we'll be back!
Food: Only ordered the donut, I'm sorry but Tim Hortons cannot compare. Before eating digging in, the faint scent of chocolate filling is already to die for~ One bite is sufficient to conquer you! Perfect crunchy outside but soft and tender inside, with the liquid chocolate filling, not overly sweet but enough to fill your whole mouth with an explosion of chocolate taste, hm... I'm salivating again now...Service: Staff are super nice and fastValue: A little overpriced (like most food trucks)...
Some sweet lady from my hood arranged for the food truck to arrive on the last day of the local organic produce market. There is some kind of irony in that as I wouldn't associate the food of Au Pied de Cochon with organic and healthy, nor I would recommend it to vegeterians. Would I recommend it in general? Oh, yes! Must try!It has been few years since I visited the actual restaurant and my memories of it were kind of blurry. The foie gras poutine of the food truck brought back immediately the flavours of that dinner. The size of the poutine is decent for a food truck as well as the size of the foie gras in it. What makes the dish unique is the foie gras gravy, it is just delicious. We also shared le verrat à l'érable, battered pork sausage soaked in maple, which was really good and filling. The maple soda went well with the food. Conclusion I'm quite happy with my PDC truck experience and will do it again!
The Camion Au Pied De Cochon was parked at Dorchester Square when I saw them.  We ordered some fried pork rinds (skin I guess) dipped in a ranch flavour and some foie gras poutine.At first I really liked the pork rinds as it tasted like greasy but saltier sour cream and onion rings.  I always had a weakness for those when I was younger. However after a while, it got tired and too salty for my liking.  As for the foie gras poutine, I was not a fan of it at all.  Too heavy and rich for me.  I know that's the purpose of this restaurant, but I couldn't even have 4-5 bites. On the bright side though, is that it was reasonably priced as both dishes were under $8.50.Verdict: If you like greasy, salty food, you'll like it.  If you don't and prefer your food a bit less adventurous, then I wouldn't recommend.
After a disappointing experience at the actual restaurant I was quite pleased when the food truck lived up to the hype associated with Martin Picard's food empire.  This particular food truck is split up into two parts, savoury goods and sweet goods. One of the star food items is the famous foie gras poutine.  Prices are in line with the other food trucks in the city.Braving the crazy line-up at First Fridays I was lucky to get my hands on some of the last foie gras poutine they had.  Ever tasted something that felt so wrong yet so right all at once?  Wrong because it is so heart-attack inducing but right because it is just too delicious to pass up.  That sums up foie gras poutine.  The fries were very thick and crispy and there was just enough gravy so that they didn't get too soggy without sacrificing the taste.   There was also a good amount of cheese curds and the foie gras added a nice touch to the poutine.The portion was a little small but maybe that's best for my arteries.  The line up was insane too compared to the other food trucks there that night.  My friend and I waited two hours and like I said before we got some of the last foie gras poutine.  Those behind us who had waited the same amount of time weren't going to be so lucky.  It might be best not to visit at First Fridays but the rest of the time when they're out and about.
Finally a better outlet for their foie gras poutine than its destination restaurant, APDC's poutine is priced just right at $8 per portion. I've had orange-gravy-shredded-mozz poutines for more than $8. Not typically being a fan of fancy poutine, the (large amount of) foie gras complemented well the noticeable saltiness of the gravy. The presentation was great, easily one of my favorite fancy poutines ever - not that I'd have it every day. ** Seriously, who reviews a food truck called Au Pied the Cochon for its bottle water price? Next, go review airplanes bathrooms for the comfort of their seats.
Sausage in a brioche, with foie gras sauce and grilled asparagusOreilles de crisse with Ranch saucePoutine Foie grasDr Pepper w/ maple syrup.The sausage was wonderful and the brioche was a nice change from your standard buns. The grilled asparagus was perfectly cooked but there was some stringiness that made cutting though it a bit of a sport. This caused a bit of a structural failure that made eating the sandwich a fun and messy affair. The poutine was too salty for my taste, there being even a bit of salt burn on the tongue. The foie gras on the poutine however was a brilliant and soft counterpoint to the saltiness, as was the hyper-sweetened soft drink. The Oreilles de Crisse were light and crunchy so texturally they were fun but again it was another experience in "too much". Deep fried fat will tend to do that.I don't know if I want to fall asleep or just curl up in a corner and have myself a heart attack. 4 stars. Would do this again.
The truck was parked in Place du Canada. I normally do not wait in lines as there are usually other comparable choices available, but I made an exception and it was definitely worth the wait. I ordered the foie gras poutine and the donut. The poutine was succulent and wish I had a bit more but the winner is definitely the donut. My only regret was that I didn't order it with cheese. Definitely worth the price and the line!My experience at the truck was definitely better then the one at the restaurant, which I had high extremely expectations, which may not have been realistic.
a 5 star food truck? Only in Montreal :)The Au Pied de Cochon food truck serves heart attack on wheels. It's the best and most delicious way to live if you ask me ;)Beigne Cochon - My partner downed this in 5 seconds. Succulent and juicy said he.Poutine Foie Gras - I have to be honest, watching this dish swimming in oil was a bit of a turn off. then i had more, and more, and more, and I cant eat anything else after it but I swear to god I cant stop thinking about it now.Floater- Strawberry Soda with Ice cream. Oh drool. So sweet so thick, so yummyBeigne Fraise - Ok this here, for me, is the piece de la resistance, This is Beigne filled with soda au fraise. Please hold me while I drool myself to sleep thinking of this beaut.*Obviously don't go here if you don't like sweet, fattening delicious food. And yes, you are likely to get a heart attack or lose 5 years of your life. as long as I can eat those beigne fraise, I'm IN!
I feel terrible saying this, but this did not live up to the hype. The foie gras poutine was OK, good sauce, except the liver didn't seem to be fully cooked (at least not compared to the foie gras I had before in Quebec.) The beignet was good, the homemade iced tea excellent. Still the poutine should have been the star of the show.
mind you, i really stay away from PDC and their truck as their food is really bad for me but this weekend, i learned they were offering some apple related items and a tourtière at jean-talon market in collab with verger villeneuve.so here i was standing in front of their truck looking at their menu and pondering if i should or not. walked away to only say screwed it and came back and ordered the combo which is fried jalapeno poppers (stuffed) and a maple apple glaze thick slice of bacon stick ($5) and a side of apple sauce filled maple glazed donut ($3)the donut wasn't bad. the thick maple glaze was really sweet while the apple sauce was just right. the glaze hid the hole away so if you bite on the wrong end, squirty squirt of apple sauce everywhere! at least, i had a fork so i wasn't caught off guard.as for the poppers and bacon stick. OMG! the slighty spicy hot jalapenos and the sweet sticky bacon. great flavor contrast that made me almost get a 2nd serving. for $5, hard not to.for that alone, its getting that rating otherwise, i'm very on the fence about them
I know the point of this truck is to serve over-the-top made-on-a-dare fatty dishes, but this is too much. This is food that is more fun to talk about than it is to eat. It's the conceptual art of food trucks.We had the Dumpling Sandwich, the PDC 2000 and the foie gras poutine. The Dumpling sandwich was OK, nothing memorable, mostly greasy and salty. The PDC 2000 sandwich was filled with delicious tongue pastrami, but the "bun" was an abomination. Might as well serve the dish in a bowl of warm melted cheez whiz. The foie gras poutine was the lesser offender with its perfect fries and interesting gravy, but the foie gras was undercooked. All in all, the truck didn't make me want to visit again.
This is only regarding the blueberry beignets. It was 1 for 2.50 or 6 for 10, thus we got 6.It was super duper sweet and tasted basically like any fast-food donut filled with blueberry jam. My dentist would not approve =(Wish they still had Foie Gras poutine... the guy said it may come back mid 2014...
There was a poutine à la foie gras and other meat products. Being a vegetarian, I can only review the beverages. The water but a bit overpriced,I would just to a fountain instead ....The water is the only thing I would want when I am on Mount Royal.  The camion au pied de Cochon  should take into consideration that it is mostly health conscious people that hang out at the mountain.  Mount Royal 3$ for water versus Central Park  1 $ ,water  me think not I will come again
I'll keep it short: raw foie gras on my foie gras poutine? Hahahaha, hell no.A waste of time (long lines) & money.(I still love the actual restaurant mucho though)
On the opening day of the project, I had the chance to head to Victoria Square to try out Camion Au Pied de Cochon. Now I realize that this will be the 4th post I write about Au Pied de Cochon and its various off spring. The reason is quite simple... I love them that much! The concept they are going for is salty and sweet. You order in the front and from there, you pick up your items from either the salty window and the sweet window. The menu is an blend of dishes from the Duluth restaurant, the Sugar Shack and some unique truck items. I went for their big combo option with an added item. That item was a fried duck leg with maple syrup BBQ sauce. Anyone who went to the Sugar Shack this past spring got a taste of this particular item. Nice tangy BBQ on top of some great duck. Nice crispy exterior while still keeping some moistness inside. Great option for only 3$!The combo box itself contained four times - a maple soda, a foie gras poutine, a "beigne Cochon" and a "beigne sucré". The maple soda was nice and refreshing with just the right amount of maple syrup flavor to make it sweet but not overbearingly so. This was one of the components of the Whiskey Soda I had up at the Sugar Shack.... Still the best one I have ever had.Next up, the foie gras poutine - their old restaurant classic and signature dish. If you've had it there then you know what to expect. They succeeded in translating perfectly to the food truck. Crisp golden fries, cheese curds, a piece of foie gras and their foie gras gravy - perfect in the restaurant and perfect here.Now for the new stuff. The "beigne Cochon" really stretches the definition of a doughnut. In reality, this is a smoked meat sandwich where a doughnut is the bun. Yeah.... You read that right... A doughnut bun. Picard and his team are just nuts man. Anyway, this sandwich was amazing. A very generous portion of pork smoked meat, white ham and pork tongue with some mustard sandwiched in between that doughnut. Great combination as the doughnut mimics a sort of brioche bread. Nice and golden with a good crust yet a soft interior. The perfect way to differentiate themselves in this food truck rush.For the "beigne sucré", they take the exact same doughnut but then stuff it with a filling of your choice and then add powered sugar. In my case, I went for the rhubarb option. Stuffed to the gills with a cream and rhubarb filling, the doughnut, which had been perfect for a sandwich, became a wonderful sweet treat to cap off the meal.A very strong entry to the food truck world by the Au Pied de Cochon crew. Keeps in line with their "go big or go home" style of food all while adding some new twists for the truck. Very generous portions at a reasonable deal overall I think. If this is indicative of what we can expect from this generation of Montreal food trucks, we will all be very lucky people.Cheers!
Really good food.I tried their foie gras poutine even though I don't like foie gras at all, I thought it was well made. Tasted very fatty and greasy, just the way it's supposed to be.I also tried a bite of their Beigne Cochon, and it does taste really good. Moist, and just... you just finish that in literally 5 seconds.Must visit if you can in the future.
Dont forget the gravol after you have that. We were 5 to have it and 2 of us vomited, and it was just sitting on the stomach of the others all day. Very very overrated and expensive for nothing
A-ok. Portions a little small, the gravy was cold (cheese did not melt either) and the beignet Cochon too greasy. Bonus points for the concept however. Good flavours though, might have been an "off" day.
We ordered one of everything that was left to split for dinner. The poutine with foie gras was decadent (small portion, small price). The duck was just wonderful. The pork bun (beigne) was absolutely delicious! The only down point was the rhubarb doughnut that tasted more of apple than rhubarb. Service was with a smile and quick. We'll be hunting this truck again and again. Martin Picard does it again.
Very good eats!
My wife and I had to find a caterer only five weeks ahead of our wedding.  Kimberly and her team at Miss Prêt à Manger (our main contacts there were Zoe Dascher and Jonathan Albert) answered every question and request that we had extremely quickly and set up tastings for us in no time. They were attentive to what we wanted, to our budget and soooo helpful. We were given great assistance with everything from wine and drink selection to finding a DJ.On the day of the wedding, everything went off beautifully. The staff were a well-oiled machine - but a machine that was attentive to us and to our guests. All of the food was delicious, guests' wine glasses were kept full, wine was served at the right temperature, drinks were mixed exactly right and we could not have been more pleased.To be honest, we were a little concerned because we knew that Miss Prêt was also catering two large events on the same night as us and there was always the lurking fear that our little event might be put on the back burner.  Wrong.  It may be that the personnel we had was the "C" team but even the "C" team was impeccable.  It is rare to find an organisation that does carries  its mission with soul and with tremendous organizational skill.  Miss Prêt à Manger carries this off with aplomb.Recommended without reservation or hesitation.
Let me start off by saying that I haven't eaten here yet. Why, do you ask, am I writing a review if I haven't eaten here? Because so far, the service has been exceptional.I'm getting married and was looking for a caterer. After going through about 50 different places and getting quotes, I landed on this business. I did some research online and saw that almost every single review was raving about Miss Pret a Manger.Kim & Zoe have been so helpful and patient (yea I'm a bit intense.. I'm European. That's my excuse and I'm sticking to it) with aiding me in choosing a menu specifically to suit my needs. Every single email was answered almost immediately and every phone message was returned within the day.So far, I can totally see why everyone is raving about the service at Miss Pret a Manger and I cannot wait to see what Kim & Zoe have in store for me food wise on that special day!!
The food is sensational. Beyond expectations. It is also very sanitary and health-conscious. The overall aura of the restaurant is super mellow. Thanks, Miss Prêt!Now, onto her music. I've been following her SoundCloud (@labluesy), soooo good! Her playlist is my playlist now.Thanks for catering the McGill Management International Case Competition. We had a blast!
I had the Asian sensation salad - made up with a big mess of really fresh vegetables; lettuce, shaved Napa cabbage, scallions, carrots, celery, spinach, red cabbage, tomatoes, chopped parsley and everything good for you that you know you should be eating. The salad is topped with a bundle of sesame peppered cold soba noodles and seared sesame crusted tuna with citrusy-soy tataki sauce. Jokes aside, the thing was substantial, paired with the trio of salads to start with, my insides were burning from all the vitamins and rainbows and smiley emoticons.I was full. Could it have been the slices of bacon or blue cheese baguette? Probably not. It's rare that I would write so encouragingly about a friggin salad, but I am - so please go out and purchase your lotto tickets accordingly. Yes, breakfast is most important meal of the day, but I strongly believe lunch comes in a close second. A meal that will provide you enough energy to sustain you through the afternoon before your evening dranks is equally as important, but not as important as keeping you awake and not knocking you out with a food coma once you get back to work. With a never ending rotating roster of inspired and healthy lunch specials, it's a great alternative for people who need a quick bite to go, or have the time to sit down for a proper lunch - all food groups represented.
If you have a special event that you want catered - you will not go wrong with Miss Pret a Manger. Kimberly Lallouz and her team were exceptional. We had a 50 people wedding party in our home that they catered. Miss Pret made it one of the nicest evenings I have ever had. The food was absolutely outstanding, the service was amazing, they cleaned up beautiful, they were fun (Zoe even danced with us a bit!) .. I can not say enough good things about these people. Thank you for making our wedding party a memorable, fun, delicious and amazing evening! Heidi & Lenny
Options for lunch in that neighborhood? The pickins' are slim, Jim! By and far, Miss Pret has the healthiest food on that dismal block (everything else is burgers and beer). However, the portions are teeny-tiny. I went a few times, each time ordering a different salad combo (yum!). But they would fill most of the to-go container (about two-thirds) with a few pieces of big lettuce leaves so that the main only filled one-third of the box. Each time I was left going, 'ok, so where do I go for a real meal now?' The kitchen also re-uses so many of the main ingredients across plates that in fact, you're left with few options in the end. i.e.) sweet potato is in many dishes, as is spinach etc.Every time I've visited they seem to be overstaffed (sometimes 8 people visible behind the counter when there are only 2 customers), and yet I've had to wait very long for my food.
I sampled the canapes at Yelp's Belle Mo event, which were provided by Miss Pret a Manger. I have to say, the ones I tried were not only delicious, but also really well-presented and cleverly put together. Canapes can sometimes get a bit dull, if you're going to a lot of events, and for anyone who is hosting an event and looking for something a bit different, I can highly recommend Miss Pret a Manger. The vegetarian cocktail sticks, with tomatoes and cheese were gorgeous, and the salmon pate was served generously on the crostinis.
This place was wonderful, possibly my favorite meal in Montreal so far! Go here! The staff was super friendly and very attentive, more than I can say for other dining experiences in this city. They were cheery and helpful, translating the entire menu into English for us with no attitude or annoying looks. We ordered and in the meantime were served a little taster size cup of their soup of the day, and brought out some little breads that had blue cheese and walnuts(!!!) Delicious. Our entrees were large and the healthiest looking things we had eaten since we arrived here. I had the salmon tartar, which was mixed with avocado and mango, and came with a behemoth sized salad. My boyfriend had the grilled bass which came on a bed of broccoli rabe and rice, topped with some sort of Mediterranean salsa. Both were fantastic. The tartar seemed to have the perfect ratio of avocado to fish so it wasn't goopy or anything, his bass paired with the greens was a wonderful combination as well. We split a "famous bar" for dessert, a graham cracker crust bar topped with chocolate, coconut, nuts, etc, which was the perfect sized sweet treat for after such a lovely meal. The prices seem about right for Montreal restaurants, and with such a friendly staff and fun ambiance I wish I was staying longer in the city so I could go back!
I stopped in at this restaurant for lunch on my last visit to Montreal. It was around 2 p.m., following the lunch 'rush'. I was greeted by Kimberly who was sitting at a table working on her computer. I was offered a table by the window, which is perfect on a rainy day to watch life go by.I ordered the Asian chicken soup, and a Salad with grilled chicken. Service was warm and friendly and very attentive. Chatted with Kimberly who interacted with every customer that walked in the door. Many customers are on a first name basis with the owner (Kimberly) and enjoy the personal attention.There is an open kitchen concept with plenty of amazing aromas finding their way in to the dining room. The food was great, beautiful presentation. Dessert ( Kimberley's carrot cake) was a must even though I was stuffed!This restaurant is not open in the evenings, so lunch is your only chance to enjoy this great venue.Say hello to Kimberly for me!
A chic bakery serving delicious pastries, coffee and small dessert items.  The breakfast pastries were light , fluffy, and full of flavors.  It has a lovey interior.  It's great for a leisure stop to enjoy the beautiful interior decor or grab and go.
Cozy and adorable little spot on Amherst serving pastries, sandwiches and salads. The coffee is not great (the cappuccino in a mug is HUGE, equivalent to a latte in general coffee standards) but the sandwiches and salads are unique and tasty. Loved the pan fried pork panini!Great little spot to sit and enjoy a book on a sunny winter day :)
I visited this cafe because it was walking distance from where I stayed, but it left me pleasantly surprised!I ordered a breakfast wrap that tasted more among the lines of a breakfast burrito, and my friend ordered a breakfast bowl with melted chocolate, nuts, and fresh fruit.I would give 3 stars for my order (nothing special) and 5 stars for my friend's order. It tasted divine! The gooey chocolate with berries, passionfruit, peaches combined with the almond slivers somehow had complex flavours that left me wanting more. I still remember the taste so clearly, and I hope they keep this gem on the menu!
I absolutely love this place!!The whole front is opened up (in the summer of course) making the atmosphere that much more amazing. White and simple interior that is stunning!Coffee and food are great. Nothing too mind blowing. Cute pastries and delicious sandwiches. My favourite and go-to is the TONKATSU. It's pork that is pan fried and the combo of ingredients is so yummy!! There are some laptop restrictions but this is a great place to go and catch up with a friend or read a book. - @cchehade
Let's start with the pros: 1. What a lovely place! I really didn't expect it, specially in this area! The interior design is really great.2. The food looks awesome! It's a decoration by itself. Now the cons: 1. Unfortunately, the food is not as tasty as it looks (greasy or too sweet), which is even more disappointing considering the average price.2. Laptop owners be aware that during lunch break (starting at 11.30 am) you won't be allowed to stay in the common area, you'll have to seat at the counter, the very smelly one (right in front of the kitchen), even if the place is totally empty. 3. It is veryyyy quiet. Don't expect to meet or talk to anyone here, as it is clearly not the purpose. Basically it's the kinda place where you feel lonely, but if it's what you aim for, go for it! Bring a book, and it would be your best friend!
Quite a big café, grabbed a cheesecake, quite good, didn't like the base though, not moist enough
Super cute café located in the village. Lots of Pinterest-like details in their charming decor. Not a lot of space so it gets filled here quickly, esp on weekends. I opted for the cappuccino bowl and it was HUGE. It was good but I couldn't finish it. Their egg sandwiches are wonderfully constructed. ****Free WiFi!
Excellent pastries and paninis. They serve a daily soup indicated on the menu board posted on the wall.
This is a quaint little bakery and teahouse. The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was charming (light jazz). My wife enjoyed her chai chocolate and I had an Assam tea (kind of like English breakfast). Be careful of the milk dispensers.Overall, I would rate it as a quite nice place to relax for a short time.
+++Free WiFi++Very small, quaint, cute shopEgg salad sandwich with bacon on pumpernickel was good without being too eggyWife enjoyed egg on English muffinThat cappuccino bowl was F'ing HUGE. Its like 6 American cappuccinos, probably more. But, it's not as strong as American cappuccino. +Good coffeeAlthough we didn't order he price fixe brunche, it looked scrumptious, however it looked like A LOT of food...order only if your hungryDonut was good-For some reason, I expected more out of the orange juice
such a charming cafe. delicious sweet treats and yummy coffee. I love the decor and the little details - initials carved into the tables, crown moldings , beautiful pastries on display. it was so quiet in there you can sit in peace and quiet. neighborhood gem in the village
Lovely, bright café with a relaxed and friendly vibe. I stopped in for lunch and had an amazing sprouts salad, which was served with two slices of toasted homemade bread. I thought it tasted amazing, and 3/4 of the way through I saw the dressing hidden behind the bowl, added it, and the salad was even more amazing with the dressing. I branched out a bit and tried the lavender latté ... ce n'était pas à mon goût. Next time I'll stick with the standard kind. I was intrigued by the chocolate chai latté but it wasn't available dairy-free, so please try it for me and let me know how it is.Their baked goods looked delish but I had used up my budget on lunch & coffee. Another time.
Cute place. Fantastic bakery items. Very accommodating with English speaking customers. Highly recommend the brioche cinnamon rolls. They were amazing! We even got more to go for the next morning.
Very  trendy and cozy.  enjoyed  my Espresso in a very  relaxed way! Probably  not the ideal snack  place,  but if you are up for  a hot cup of coffee while watching the winter  outside,  the place is an ideal location.
Nice spacious café in the gay village, with the best coffee in Montreal, yummy pastries and décor with good taste. The atmosphere is relaxing and chill, music not too loud, and not as packed as many other popular cafés  in Montreal, perfect for those who would like to take an afternoon coffee break with a nice book and cake. Try the allongé if you are into strong coffee.
Friendly, fresh and nice atmosphere. The food is clearly made with care.
There are only a couple of decent joints near the CBC building on Rene-Levesque that I could recommend for a small bite in a pleasurable atmosphere. Thank goodness De Farine has arrived on the scene! The owner and chef has done a great job on maintaining a balance between friendly and efficient. Her innovative pastries are incredible: try the bacon and cheddar croissant, corn muffin, or matcha biscotti-like treat. Her sous-pastry chef puts love into every goodie she bakes. The smoothies are cray-cray (they accommodate for non-dairy too). The interior is visually unique to the Village too: minimal-baroque mixed with rustic, exposed wood. De Farine in a word? Charming!
I stopped in to pick up a few treats and stayed for a cappuccino and a brioche. The coffee was delicious, and the brioche (topped with icing and filled with raisins) was one of the best I have had. Though at first I was disappointed that it was a bit small, the taste was incredible. The ratios of bread to icing to raisins was perfect and I think the size was perfect, actually. The donuts looked delicious also, and next time I want to try one. Another patron was eating a salad which looked very good.I took home a small box of cookies to have with my afternoon tea, and they were all great. The earl grey cookies could have been a bit more flavorful. However, the taste of earl grey, or similar flavor profiles like lavender or rose, is also easy to overdue, and I would rather have too little flavor than too much. The other cookies I got were playfully decorated. I especially loved the chocolate 'bisous' cookies.I will definitely come back for a coffee and a snack. DFEF has a wonderful atmosphere - nicely decorated, clean, and quiet - and is great for getting some work done. I would consider purchasing one of their exquisite looking cakes, but perhaps only for a special occasion since they are a bit pricey. Still, you get what you pay for, and here you are definitely paying for high-quality foods that are expertly prepared.
Le meilleur sandwich au Saumon bio en ville!
I didn't get to stay but I did pick up a cake on the fly for a good friend of mine's birthday.  She's not much of a dessert person, but I do know that she enjoys a not-too-sweet slice once in a while. The service was great, I got some help picking out  a Coconut-Lemon Olive Oil Cake and found a cat cookie to place on top! (She's one of those cat people) I did notice how busy the cafe was, and wished to stay for a cup. They had these cute little cakes inside variety of cake stands.Side Note: I kinda love the business card, it's simple, and to the point, and not of typical size.Taste verdict: 8 of us enjoyed the cake a lot, and she shared the cat cookie with us, that for some reason tasted like berries to us! The cake was moist, not overpoweringly lemony, and most important not uber sweet! I can't wait to try the other products here.
A chic bakery serving delicious pastries, coffee and small dessert items.  The breakfast pastries were light , fluffy, and full of flavors.  It has a lovey interior.  It's great for a leisure stop to enjoy the beautiful interior decor or grab and go.
Cozy and adorable little spot on Amherst serving pastries, sandwiches and salads. The coffee is not great (the cappuccino in a mug is HUGE, equivalent to a latte in general coffee standards) but the sandwiches and salads are unique and tasty. Loved the pan fried pork panini!Great little spot to sit and enjoy a book on a sunny winter day :)
I visited this cafe because it was walking distance from where I stayed, but it left me pleasantly surprised!I ordered a breakfast wrap that tasted more among the lines of a breakfast burrito, and my friend ordered a breakfast bowl with melted chocolate, nuts, and fresh fruit.I would give 3 stars for my order (nothing special) and 5 stars for my friend's order. It tasted divine! The gooey chocolate with berries, passionfruit, peaches combined with the almond slivers somehow had complex flavours that left me wanting more. I still remember the taste so clearly, and I hope they keep this gem on the menu!
I absolutely love this place!!The whole front is opened up (in the summer of course) making the atmosphere that much more amazing. White and simple interior that is stunning!Coffee and food are great. Nothing too mind blowing. Cute pastries and delicious sandwiches. My favourite and go-to is the TONKATSU. It's pork that is pan fried and the combo of ingredients is so yummy!! There are some laptop restrictions but this is a great place to go and catch up with a friend or read a book. - @cchehade
Let's start with the pros: 1. What a lovely place! I really didn't expect it, specially in this area! The interior design is really great.2. The food looks awesome! It's a decoration by itself. Now the cons: 1. Unfortunately, the food is not as tasty as it looks (greasy or too sweet), which is even more disappointing considering the average price.2. Laptop owners be aware that during lunch break (starting at 11.30 am) you won't be allowed to stay in the common area, you'll have to seat at the counter, the very smelly one (right in front of the kitchen), even if the place is totally empty. 3. It is veryyyy quiet. Don't expect to meet or talk to anyone here, as it is clearly not the purpose. Basically it's the kinda place where you feel lonely, but if it's what you aim for, go for it! Bring a book, and it would be your best friend!
Quite a big café, grabbed a cheesecake, quite good, didn't like the base though, not moist enough
Super cute café located in the village. Lots of Pinterest-like details in their charming decor. Not a lot of space so it gets filled here quickly, esp on weekends. I opted for the cappuccino bowl and it was HUGE. It was good but I couldn't finish it. Their egg sandwiches are wonderfully constructed. ****Free WiFi!
Excellent pastries and paninis. They serve a daily soup indicated on the menu board posted on the wall.
This is a quaint little bakery and teahouse. The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was charming (light jazz). My wife enjoyed her chai chocolate and I had an Assam tea (kind of like English breakfast). Be careful of the milk dispensers.Overall, I would rate it as a quite nice place to relax for a short time.
+++Free WiFi++Very small, quaint, cute shopEgg salad sandwich with bacon on pumpernickel was good without being too eggyWife enjoyed egg on English muffinThat cappuccino bowl was F'ing HUGE. Its like 6 American cappuccinos, probably more. But, it's not as strong as American cappuccino. +Good coffeeAlthough we didn't order he price fixe brunche, it looked scrumptious, however it looked like A LOT of food...order only if your hungryDonut was good-For some reason, I expected more out of the orange juice
such a charming cafe. delicious sweet treats and yummy coffee. I love the decor and the little details - initials carved into the tables, crown moldings , beautiful pastries on display. it was so quiet in there you can sit in peace and quiet. neighborhood gem in the village
Lovely, bright café with a relaxed and friendly vibe. I stopped in for lunch and had an amazing sprouts salad, which was served with two slices of toasted homemade bread. I thought it tasted amazing, and 3/4 of the way through I saw the dressing hidden behind the bowl, added it, and the salad was even more amazing with the dressing. I branched out a bit and tried the lavender latté ... ce n'était pas à mon goût. Next time I'll stick with the standard kind. I was intrigued by the chocolate chai latté but it wasn't available dairy-free, so please try it for me and let me know how it is.Their baked goods looked delish but I had used up my budget on lunch & coffee. Another time.
Cute place. Fantastic bakery items. Very accommodating with English speaking customers. Highly recommend the brioche cinnamon rolls. They were amazing! We even got more to go for the next morning.
Very  trendy and cozy.  enjoyed  my Espresso in a very  relaxed way! Probably  not the ideal snack  place,  but if you are up for  a hot cup of coffee while watching the winter  outside,  the place is an ideal location.
Nice spacious café in the gay village, with the best coffee in Montreal, yummy pastries and décor with good taste. The atmosphere is relaxing and chill, music not too loud, and not as packed as many other popular cafés  in Montreal, perfect for those who would like to take an afternoon coffee break with a nice book and cake. Try the allongé if you are into strong coffee.
Friendly, fresh and nice atmosphere. The food is clearly made with care.
There are only a couple of decent joints near the CBC building on Rene-Levesque that I could recommend for a small bite in a pleasurable atmosphere. Thank goodness De Farine has arrived on the scene! The owner and chef has done a great job on maintaining a balance between friendly and efficient. Her innovative pastries are incredible: try the bacon and cheddar croissant, corn muffin, or matcha biscotti-like treat. Her sous-pastry chef puts love into every goodie she bakes. The smoothies are cray-cray (they accommodate for non-dairy too). The interior is visually unique to the Village too: minimal-baroque mixed with rustic, exposed wood. De Farine in a word? Charming!
I stopped in to pick up a few treats and stayed for a cappuccino and a brioche. The coffee was delicious, and the brioche (topped with icing and filled with raisins) was one of the best I have had. Though at first I was disappointed that it was a bit small, the taste was incredible. The ratios of bread to icing to raisins was perfect and I think the size was perfect, actually. The donuts looked delicious also, and next time I want to try one. Another patron was eating a salad which looked very good.I took home a small box of cookies to have with my afternoon tea, and they were all great. The earl grey cookies could have been a bit more flavorful. However, the taste of earl grey, or similar flavor profiles like lavender or rose, is also easy to overdue, and I would rather have too little flavor than too much. The other cookies I got were playfully decorated. I especially loved the chocolate 'bisous' cookies.I will definitely come back for a coffee and a snack. DFEF has a wonderful atmosphere - nicely decorated, clean, and quiet - and is great for getting some work done. I would consider purchasing one of their exquisite looking cakes, but perhaps only for a special occasion since they are a bit pricey. Still, you get what you pay for, and here you are definitely paying for high-quality foods that are expertly prepared.
Le meilleur sandwich au Saumon bio en ville!
I didn't get to stay but I did pick up a cake on the fly for a good friend of mine's birthday.  She's not much of a dessert person, but I do know that she enjoys a not-too-sweet slice once in a while. The service was great, I got some help picking out  a Coconut-Lemon Olive Oil Cake and found a cat cookie to place on top! (She's one of those cat people) I did notice how busy the cafe was, and wished to stay for a cup. They had these cute little cakes inside variety of cake stands.Side Note: I kinda love the business card, it's simple, and to the point, and not of typical size.Taste verdict: 8 of us enjoyed the cake a lot, and she shared the cat cookie with us, that for some reason tasted like berries to us! The cake was moist, not overpoweringly lemony, and most important not uber sweet! I can't wait to try the other products here.
I walked in after doing the night shift, it was 7am on a Thursday morning. An older guy was sitting in the back and one woman was working behind the counter. She greeted me with a smile as low music played through the speakers. I explained I was tired and hungry and I had never been there before. She gave me multiple suggestions till I settled on a waffle with fresh fruit, whipped cream and maple syrup. I ate quietly by myself while she served me. It was so good. The fruit was fresh and delicious, the waffle was made on the spot, the whipped cream was light and the syrup was local and delicious. Matté Latté was so good that I brought my girlfriend back the next afternoon. The place was packed both inside and out and we were served promptly. Prices are high but fair for the portions and quality you get.
Charming little cafe in NDG.Breakfast menu includes a a selection of waffles and crepes, baked goods, and "typical" breakfast items (e.g., bacon, eggs, toast, potatoes). We went around 10:30 on a weekday and they were also starting to put lunch items into the display case, including some amazing looking salads, wraps, and paninis. I was looking for something breakfast-y and sweet, so I ordered the Bananas Foster waffle and a latte.The waffle was perfectly cooked with a crisp exterior and a soft and chewy interior. It was topped with a mess of bananas, warm buttery brown sugar sauce, and vanilla ice cream that, although nothing special on its own, melted into the butter-brown sugar sauce to form a next level creation. Yum. My latte had a bit too much foam for my liking, but was otherwise very good.Service was friendly and casual. Prices were very reasonable. The decor was eclectic and inviting. I would definitely come back... Although I think I'd be torn between getting the bananas Foster again or to trying some of the other things on the menu =)
Yummmmmy !! Just had a wonderful crepe ... Banana Foster and a very good Tortilla soup and sandwich !Cosy atmosphere , very nice team !! Really appreciate the attention to detail !Stomachs are full... We are heading to the Pourquoi Pas Espresso Bar on Amherst.... We need an amazing latte to finish this meal !!
I love these guys! The place feels homey, the service is super friendly and the food is all home made and yummy. The only problem with coming here is that I never want to leave!
Walked in an checked out the menu full of waffles and crepesAlso eggs bacon yummy But I ordered a fresh baguette with butter A delicious cinnamon brioche And a macchiato All of this was amazing Couldn't wait for the next bite Get over here and enjoy
Great affordable food.  No rush move along.  I was there for 4 hours and no hassle.
I've been there countless of times! The coffee is great, the staff is friendly, and most of all, the food is delicious!
Found this great little cafe while looking for a different place in NDG - it was a fantastic little find.I had waffles with dulce de leche (the real stuff, not the sickly-sweet kind you sometimes get) while the gf had the banana foster waffles - both were outstanding. There was a bunch of other food on display that looking great, including legit-looking Argentinean empenadas (I'm going to go back just to try them).We had lattes, and the coffee was good (but not amazing). They were still better than most breakfast places in Montreal, so it's not actually a negative.The staff were really friendly. They offered to combine different things from the menu if we wanted, and gave suggestions when we asked, which was nice.They had a terrace-like setup of table and chairs out the front, taking great advantage of NDG's massive sidewalks - something I'll definitely be giving it a go on the warmer weekends.
Stopped in for a smoothie prepared with fresh fruits. Staff is friendly and they have a DVD exchange
A great place to get a monster (sized) cookie and a latte and sit outside to people-watch. I was so impressed with the friendliness and great service of this place that I wanted to write a glowing review -- but was delighted to see that many others have already done so. I liked how there are unique things to nosh on at this cafe -- empanadas and alfajores (which were both delicious) to name a few. Seeing that so many people also loved the service and food here gives me more confidence that our positive experience was not just a fluke, and I look forward to returning!
Stayed in Montreal in NDG area and went here for breakfast two days in a row. Had eggs and bacon the first day and they kindly refilled my coffee without having to ask. Second day I was hungover and one of the girls suggested a Mate Latte (a green tea concoction with honey) which was nice. Had the waffles on my second round and it was wonderful. Friends enjoyed their crepes.Good atmosphere, friendly staff and the owner Andrea has great taste in music. Really nice and family friendly place to chill.
A bit haphazard, with slow, inattentive service, but a friendly place that has good food.  Our "blueberry pancakes" came with no blueberries in the pancakes -- berries came in a little bowl.  Cook said she doesn't like to put berries in batter because they gum up the skillet. Pancakes were still tasty, but we'd have preferred to know what we'd get before it arrived. Our scrambled eggs and bacon were nicely cooked, with very good home fries.  The only coffee is dark-roast. If you prefer a lighter roast, you won't find it here.
The best! Beautiful people behind the counter, and lots of delicious items to choose from!!
I love this place. It is so down to earth, relaxed and the staff are very friendly. I really like that almost everything is made in house, from the muffins to the savory tarts. Their coffee works for me, and I consider myself quite picky. Overall, this place can only get better as they learn more and more of what works for their business!
We ordered the basic breakfast dish and the dolce de lece waffle. Basic breakfast was really good, the potatoes cooked to perfection. The dolce de lece and cream on my waffle was really good. For me, I prefer a little bit darker crunchier waffle. Still the cream and dolce de lece were delicious. What I think really makes this place nice is that you don't feel rushed out. It feels really nice to sip a giant latte and linger over the sun pouring in the front window. Great vibe and a really charming wait staff.
Great neighbourhood cafe, super friendly staff and delicious snacks! Only negative comment, needs some improvement on the wait time...
The alfajores are to die for but this café offers a great variety of treasures: Empanadas, torta tricolor, quiche, amazing and creative sandwiches, homemade cookies, cupcakes, etc. All healthy choices that looked fresh out of the kitchen. Everything  looked good and it was hard to choose! Thankfully,  I was served by Alvin, whom sense of humor is amazing and he was very helpful with his suggestions. The place seems to be family/friends run by people from the neighborhood. Definitely gives it a "home" feeling. Will definitely go back!
Not bad. I've had good and bad lattes here. Lots of room, outdoor terrace in the summer. I'd go back.
It's a charming beautiful place and the food is beautiful. Happy I found it as a spot for breakfast any day of the week.
Mate Latte is a great little cafe situated in ndg.  It has excellent food, great service and very friendly staff, I would highly recommend it to everyone!
I walked in after doing the night shift, it was 7am on a Thursday morning. An older guy was sitting in the back and one woman was working behind the counter. She greeted me with a smile as low music played through the speakers. I explained I was tired and hungry and I had never been there before. She gave me multiple suggestions till I settled on a waffle with fresh fruit, whipped cream and maple syrup. I ate quietly by myself while she served me. It was so good. The fruit was fresh and delicious, the waffle was made on the spot, the whipped cream was light and the syrup was local and delicious. Matté Latté was so good that I brought my girlfriend back the next afternoon. The place was packed both inside and out and we were served promptly. Prices are high but fair for the portions and quality you get.
Charming little cafe in NDG.Breakfast menu includes a a selection of waffles and crepes, baked goods, and "typical" breakfast items (e.g., bacon, eggs, toast, potatoes). We went around 10:30 on a weekday and they were also starting to put lunch items into the display case, including some amazing looking salads, wraps, and paninis. I was looking for something breakfast-y and sweet, so I ordered the Bananas Foster waffle and a latte.The waffle was perfectly cooked with a crisp exterior and a soft and chewy interior. It was topped with a mess of bananas, warm buttery brown sugar sauce, and vanilla ice cream that, although nothing special on its own, melted into the butter-brown sugar sauce to form a next level creation. Yum. My latte had a bit too much foam for my liking, but was otherwise very good.Service was friendly and casual. Prices were very reasonable. The decor was eclectic and inviting. I would definitely come back... Although I think I'd be torn between getting the bananas Foster again or to trying some of the other things on the menu =)
Yummmmmy !! Just had a wonderful crepe ... Banana Foster and a very good Tortilla soup and sandwich !Cosy atmosphere , very nice team !! Really appreciate the attention to detail !Stomachs are full... We are heading to the Pourquoi Pas Espresso Bar on Amherst.... We need an amazing latte to finish this meal !!
I love these guys! The place feels homey, the service is super friendly and the food is all home made and yummy. The only problem with coming here is that I never want to leave!
Walked in an checked out the menu full of waffles and crepesAlso eggs bacon yummy But I ordered a fresh baguette with butter A delicious cinnamon brioche And a macchiato All of this was amazing Couldn't wait for the next bite Get over here and enjoy
Great affordable food.  No rush move along.  I was there for 4 hours and no hassle.
I've been there countless of times! The coffee is great, the staff is friendly, and most of all, the food is delicious!
Found this great little cafe while looking for a different place in NDG - it was a fantastic little find.I had waffles with dulce de leche (the real stuff, not the sickly-sweet kind you sometimes get) while the gf had the banana foster waffles - both were outstanding. There was a bunch of other food on display that looking great, including legit-looking Argentinean empenadas (I'm going to go back just to try them).We had lattes, and the coffee was good (but not amazing). They were still better than most breakfast places in Montreal, so it's not actually a negative.The staff were really friendly. They offered to combine different things from the menu if we wanted, and gave suggestions when we asked, which was nice.They had a terrace-like setup of table and chairs out the front, taking great advantage of NDG's massive sidewalks - something I'll definitely be giving it a go on the warmer weekends.
Stopped in for a smoothie prepared with fresh fruits. Staff is friendly and they have a DVD exchange
A great place to get a monster (sized) cookie and a latte and sit outside to people-watch. I was so impressed with the friendliness and great service of this place that I wanted to write a glowing review -- but was delighted to see that many others have already done so. I liked how there are unique things to nosh on at this cafe -- empanadas and alfajores (which were both delicious) to name a few. Seeing that so many people also loved the service and food here gives me more confidence that our positive experience was not just a fluke, and I look forward to returning!
Stayed in Montreal in NDG area and went here for breakfast two days in a row. Had eggs and bacon the first day and they kindly refilled my coffee without having to ask. Second day I was hungover and one of the girls suggested a Mate Latte (a green tea concoction with honey) which was nice. Had the waffles on my second round and it was wonderful. Friends enjoyed their crepes.Good atmosphere, friendly staff and the owner Andrea has great taste in music. Really nice and family friendly place to chill.
A bit haphazard, with slow, inattentive service, but a friendly place that has good food.  Our "blueberry pancakes" came with no blueberries in the pancakes -- berries came in a little bowl.  Cook said she doesn't like to put berries in batter because they gum up the skillet. Pancakes were still tasty, but we'd have preferred to know what we'd get before it arrived. Our scrambled eggs and bacon were nicely cooked, with very good home fries.  The only coffee is dark-roast. If you prefer a lighter roast, you won't find it here.
The best! Beautiful people behind the counter, and lots of delicious items to choose from!!
I love this place. It is so down to earth, relaxed and the staff are very friendly. I really like that almost everything is made in house, from the muffins to the savory tarts. Their coffee works for me, and I consider myself quite picky. Overall, this place can only get better as they learn more and more of what works for their business!
We ordered the basic breakfast dish and the dolce de lece waffle. Basic breakfast was really good, the potatoes cooked to perfection. The dolce de lece and cream on my waffle was really good. For me, I prefer a little bit darker crunchier waffle. Still the cream and dolce de lece were delicious. What I think really makes this place nice is that you don't feel rushed out. It feels really nice to sip a giant latte and linger over the sun pouring in the front window. Great vibe and a really charming wait staff.
Great neighbourhood cafe, super friendly staff and delicious snacks! Only negative comment, needs some improvement on the wait time...
The alfajores are to die for but this café offers a great variety of treasures: Empanadas, torta tricolor, quiche, amazing and creative sandwiches, homemade cookies, cupcakes, etc. All healthy choices that looked fresh out of the kitchen. Everything  looked good and it was hard to choose! Thankfully,  I was served by Alvin, whom sense of humor is amazing and he was very helpful with his suggestions. The place seems to be family/friends run by people from the neighborhood. Definitely gives it a "home" feeling. Will definitely go back!
Not bad. I've had good and bad lattes here. Lots of room, outdoor terrace in the summer. I'd go back.
It's a charming beautiful place and the food is beautiful. Happy I found it as a spot for breakfast any day of the week.
Mate Latte is a great little cafe situated in ndg.  It has excellent food, great service and very friendly staff, I would highly recommend it to everyone!
It's Sunday morning. Wake up, put pants on, and make your way to Hof. Guaranteed to be the best decision you'll make all day. I'm a regular at the Guillaume bakery a few blocks up, which is known for their French style breads. Hof, on the other hand, specializes more in Jewish style baked goods. Both are equally fantastic, just depends on your mood. But seriously, everything here is wonderful. Disclaimer I've never tried the in-house brunch (and have heard mixed reviews), but have had my weight in breads, cookies, babka, strudels, you name it. And oh my, this place is good. They also serve up a mad latte here. So grab some raisin bread and bialys and start the day right. Note: it's pricey, but yes it's worth every penny.
Hof Kelsten is owned by Jeffrey Finkelstein, who is known in Montreal as the 'bread guy.'  He supplies all the top restaurants with his various bread, and his creds include working at Toque!, French laundry, Per Se, and El Bulli.  His menu is strictly chef-driven, and offers items such as challah, ciabatta, baugettes, croissants, and also hot/cold beverages.  The hubs and I came here to try out some of their croissants - a regular croissant, a croissant sesame and amande, and a poppy seeded croissant with cheese - the croissants were all pretty okay, but I liked the croissant with the poppy seed and the cheese, as it had a nice little goat-cheese-esque hint to it with plenty of poppyseeds.   These were also pretty good when warmed in the microwave the next day for a quick morning snack!  I also saw a colorful special drink beverage, so I tried the Arnie P (can't pass up on an Arnold Palmer!) - this was super refreshing, a slight tartness, and yummy - I highly recommend!  The staff here are super friendly, and there are plenty of seats - the place is more modern and open, and I was surprised, as I thought it would be more of a hole-in-the-wall, industrial bakery place!  Lots of patrons coming in to get breads to go.+run by Jeffrey Finkelstein, the 'bread guy'+fresh croissants+Arnie P drink :D+friendly staff+cash on Canadian debit only!
GREAT FOOD, QUESTIONABLE SERVICEThe bakery is in a prime location on St Laurent Blvd. By recommendation, I decided to go with the GRAVLAX, a bold smoked salmon sandwich. It is definitely one of the BEST form of smoked salmon i have had. Strong smoked salmon with a layer of lettuce and tomato on soft wheat bread generously coated with cream cheese. The combination was perfect and the sandwich was truly delicious. Being a popular in travel magazines, I would assume that people visiting Montreal would want to try the place out. They are not an exclusive cash only place, but they have some strange issues going on with electronic payment (international debit cards). I was told by the staff that they do not accept credit cards (debit only) and they also do not accept international debit cards (USA). They do not accept payment in US dollars (conversion) and was pretty much only left with an option to pay by cash. Displaying specific instructions on acceptable modes of payment would be helpful. Even after withdrawing cash, there was some confusion among the staff to take payment before or after service. This confusion caused delay in service and sort of left me waiting in line while the food had already been prepared.
This is the bakery that serves all the best restaurants and bars in the city. Some great standards in terms of bread. I have had many from the baguette to Rye and many others and they are all great. That is why it has been rated one of the city's best. I haven't eaten any sandwiches yet but look for an updated review when I do. ONE IMPORTANT thing, this is the only place in Montréal that I know of the serves Biolys. Biolys are a New York specialty that are amazing....bagel like bread with an onion centre. I love it! Worth a try. Only a half dozen made each day.
Hof has a little something I can't quite put my finger on that makes you feel happy to be there.The bread here is to DIE for! You MUST try a ricotta + poppy seed twisty bread thingy (yes, it's an order). The coffee is good too and so are the pastries.
Fantastic small minimalist bakery with no name on the outside so you could clearly walk by. What I love about HK is the baked products are seriously some of the best in MTL. I've sampled the chocolate babka pain perdu (glazed with caramel) and also I took a sourdough bread home. The sourdough is the closest thing to SF sourdough that you can get to. Then also we brought back some scones which were buttery, flaky and delicious. One small dissapointment was the cappuccino. I believe it to be some small house indie roasted coffee but I thought mine to be a bit cold and not very strong. Beware not many places to sit and they fill up fast. My next visit will be a whole chocolate babka and possibly some challah bread. Delicious stuff folks. If you are a carb king then this is your royal palace! Check it out!
I've been looking forward to try this place for brunch for a while as I had heard good things about it.  To be fair,  my rating should be 3,5.  What I liked most and deserves 4 stars was the food.  I ordered the pain doré brunch plate.  The pain doré itself ranks in the best pain dores I have tried.  The fact that it's made out of homemade thick slices of bread and pure maple syrup makes it just excellent.  It also comes with a side of back bacon tasty as they season it. Also had a side of Kale which was fresh and generous.What made me note it down to a 3.5 star is the setting which is very basic and the fact that you don't have a sit down service.  I enjoy cozy and we'll thought out decors and although the small plants are cute, the setting lacks a bit of warmth and comfort especially since you don't get table service as this means a lot of people getting up to get their plates from the counter.  The good news is that both decor and table service can be added and updated to go with the deliciousness  of their pastries and brunch plates. Overall, I enjoyed my brunch very much as it was tasty but might take my brunch to go next time.
I really enjoyed the rugelach here, but the service left much to be desired. I came here because I wanted to try the challah bread, but I didn't realize they only served it on Fridays. I asked the staff just to confirm, because the menu was in French, and she was unfriendly and a bit standoffish when I asked her for recommendationsStill, would probably come back to try the bread, but I just wish the service was friendlier
after a year of sampling the shit out of Hof and doing my little taste test, i'm upgrading my rating for this awesome jewish bakery that, imo, redefined the game on many things.yes, it can be pricey and yes, some of the goods are misses but damn, angels sing whenever i'm there.the hof is a bakery that provides tables and chairs if you want to sit down to eat which is nice if you want to relax a bit. alongside baked goods, breads and brunch, you have coffee from parlor coffee, a roaster from brooklyn new york.the coffee, for me, is on point. not the best in town but still a good damn cup of joe and strong like i like them.and finally, every time i go there, i get this huge craving and the only prescription is more challah or babka so i try not to go too often. its seriously fattening.now, excuse me while i go lick the pictures of the goods i took
I had brunch here with two friends. It's very busy on weekend mornings. I got a sandwich, which was delicious. And i also got a pistachio croissant as a treat, which was also so good! My friends got the french toast and a salmon dish, and they really enjoyed it. I like the retro style of the bakery. They also have many other desserts and breads that you can take to go.
Hof Kelstein ranks #1 on my list of amazing Hofs, surpassing both David Hasselhoff and Germany's Hofbrauhaus. Why? Because unlike the latter, it makes me feel good about life. I mean, seriously... how could you eat one of their bursting-at-the-seam-with-cheese breakfast sandwiches and not have an optimistic outlook on life? And with latkes reminiscent of Channukah dinners or breads so fluffy you could use them as pillows, this is really all you need to be happy.
Hof Kelsten may not say much from the outside, since the store doesn't have any signs. Yet, their breads, pastries, and brunches speak for themselves. Who needs a sign, when you're that well known!The decor on the inside is unique, you may think it's under construction, but in reality.. It's not. You step into a world of amazing & fantastic quality breads and pastries, which are also available at some of the top restaurants in Montreal. Jeffrey(The owner) who makes you smile at all times, is one very talented, hard working, and great person. Once you met him, you understand why his pastries taste so well, he puts 100% dedication into them, with the finest & European ingredients. Now onto the staff, when I walked into the store, the greeted me so nicely, five minutes later I walked out with a box full of pastries, and a loaf of bread. The staff was kind enough to hand it to me, and open the door, also asked if I needed any help. All this being said, it left a warm, comforting feeling of wanting to come back again and again. Who needs an expensive French patisserie when you have a warm and comforting Hof Kelsten!
I posted a photo of the VLT sandwich. At $9 a pop, I definitely won't be going back. Nice service, though that doesn't make up for it.
It's a very ... pretty space. It's modern and makes you feel like you're about to experience something wonderful. I was very excited to go based on the reviews here, so I finally went one day and decided to try the ricotta and poppyseed bread twist. It was very dry, not particularly flavorful, just not good. I took one bite and if it weren't for the fact that I was really hungry, would have thrown it away. It was that bad. I might give Hof Kelsten a second chance (that strawberry rugelach looked so good, but then again, so did the ricotta bread thing) but not super excited to.
I've been here a few times since it first opened. Amazing bakery. The croissant is buttery but so fluffy. I've had the chicken club sandwich with veal bacon and a side of potato salad. It was light and very tasty. For brunch, I've had the challah french toast with pancetta and egg. Amazing the syrup brings all of the items together. It's a must try. I've also had the schnitzel. Lightly breaded topped off with a green salsa eggs and potatoes. The shakshuka is also one of my favorites. Tomato with mergez sausages with eggs comes also with piece of toast. The house lemonade is very sweet and sour. Downside is there isn't a lot of sitting area so you might have to wait a few minutes but every time I've gone I've maybe waited 10mins. So order your food by the time they call you seats would have opened up.
Challah makes me hollaaaaaaaa. Babka makes me wanna adopt a new religion. Hallelujah! Singing high praises for a bakery that brings us loaves of rye, semolina, whole wheat, white, baguette and all kind of carby  goodness that are kneaded with know how & made with whole ingredients. Sandwiches are some of the best in the city that go beyond a 'like' to enter the territory of love. As for the brunch - haven't been but I'd be down to try it. Amen.
Great latte. I enjoyed the danish I had, but until I have another pastry that leaves a better impression this place gets a 4.
First timer on a brunchy Sunday, and although I am not ecstatic about the Hof (yet), there are some great things to mention: atmosphere was very nice and the service prompt and friendly (thus, review should be 3.5 stars). Had the schnitzel brunch special with hash browns and 2 eggs that came with a green sauerkraut-sauce and sliced bread. For the price I definitely thought I got stuffed. Tastewise however it wasn't crazy special, rather on the bland side. The intriguing sounding sauerkraut-sauce was not really sauerkraut-y..?! Their coffee was good, strong and straightforward. Best thing about this sampling was their breadpudding thingy... The baguette's nice and crispy, but personally I prefer the one from their competition further up on the main... Nevertheless, I will go back for more coffee and try their pastries, croissants, challah and other breads for sure...
The best croissant anywhere in the world. The croissant has a little twang that is intriguing and delicious. The baker used to work with Ferran Adria and his training is definitely put to use make delicious baked goods and sandwiches.
I love the decor here!!! Raw/simple/wild/nice.They have good bakeries and coffee, come and enjoy your afternoon.
It's Sunday morning. Wake up, put pants on, and make your way to Hof. Guaranteed to be the best decision you'll make all day. I'm a regular at the Guillaume bakery a few blocks up, which is known for their French style breads. Hof, on the other hand, specializes more in Jewish style baked goods. Both are equally fantastic, just depends on your mood. But seriously, everything here is wonderful. Disclaimer I've never tried the in-house brunch (and have heard mixed reviews), but have had my weight in breads, cookies, babka, strudels, you name it. And oh my, this place is good. They also serve up a mad latte here. So grab some raisin bread and bialys and start the day right. Note: it's pricey, but yes it's worth every penny.
Hof Kelsten is owned by Jeffrey Finkelstein, who is known in Montreal as the 'bread guy.'  He supplies all the top restaurants with his various bread, and his creds include working at Toque!, French laundry, Per Se, and El Bulli.  His menu is strictly chef-driven, and offers items such as challah, ciabatta, baugettes, croissants, and also hot/cold beverages.  The hubs and I came here to try out some of their croissants - a regular croissant, a croissant sesame and amande, and a poppy seeded croissant with cheese - the croissants were all pretty okay, but I liked the croissant with the poppy seed and the cheese, as it had a nice little goat-cheese-esque hint to it with plenty of poppyseeds.   These were also pretty good when warmed in the microwave the next day for a quick morning snack!  I also saw a colorful special drink beverage, so I tried the Arnie P (can't pass up on an Arnold Palmer!) - this was super refreshing, a slight tartness, and yummy - I highly recommend!  The staff here are super friendly, and there are plenty of seats - the place is more modern and open, and I was surprised, as I thought it would be more of a hole-in-the-wall, industrial bakery place!  Lots of patrons coming in to get breads to go.+run by Jeffrey Finkelstein, the 'bread guy'+fresh croissants+Arnie P drink :D+friendly staff+cash on Canadian debit only!
GREAT FOOD, QUESTIONABLE SERVICEThe bakery is in a prime location on St Laurent Blvd. By recommendation, I decided to go with the GRAVLAX, a bold smoked salmon sandwich. It is definitely one of the BEST form of smoked salmon i have had. Strong smoked salmon with a layer of lettuce and tomato on soft wheat bread generously coated with cream cheese. The combination was perfect and the sandwich was truly delicious. Being a popular in travel magazines, I would assume that people visiting Montreal would want to try the place out. They are not an exclusive cash only place, but they have some strange issues going on with electronic payment (international debit cards). I was told by the staff that they do not accept credit cards (debit only) and they also do not accept international debit cards (USA). They do not accept payment in US dollars (conversion) and was pretty much only left with an option to pay by cash. Displaying specific instructions on acceptable modes of payment would be helpful. Even after withdrawing cash, there was some confusion among the staff to take payment before or after service. This confusion caused delay in service and sort of left me waiting in line while the food had already been prepared.
This is the bakery that serves all the best restaurants and bars in the city. Some great standards in terms of bread. I have had many from the baguette to Rye and many others and they are all great. That is why it has been rated one of the city's best. I haven't eaten any sandwiches yet but look for an updated review when I do. ONE IMPORTANT thing, this is the only place in Montréal that I know of the serves Biolys. Biolys are a New York specialty that are amazing....bagel like bread with an onion centre. I love it! Worth a try. Only a half dozen made each day.
Hof has a little something I can't quite put my finger on that makes you feel happy to be there.The bread here is to DIE for! You MUST try a ricotta + poppy seed twisty bread thingy (yes, it's an order). The coffee is good too and so are the pastries.
Fantastic small minimalist bakery with no name on the outside so you could clearly walk by. What I love about HK is the baked products are seriously some of the best in MTL. I've sampled the chocolate babka pain perdu (glazed with caramel) and also I took a sourdough bread home. The sourdough is the closest thing to SF sourdough that you can get to. Then also we brought back some scones which were buttery, flaky and delicious. One small dissapointment was the cappuccino. I believe it to be some small house indie roasted coffee but I thought mine to be a bit cold and not very strong. Beware not many places to sit and they fill up fast. My next visit will be a whole chocolate babka and possibly some challah bread. Delicious stuff folks. If you are a carb king then this is your royal palace! Check it out!
I've been looking forward to try this place for brunch for a while as I had heard good things about it.  To be fair,  my rating should be 3,5.  What I liked most and deserves 4 stars was the food.  I ordered the pain doré brunch plate.  The pain doré itself ranks in the best pain dores I have tried.  The fact that it's made out of homemade thick slices of bread and pure maple syrup makes it just excellent.  It also comes with a side of back bacon tasty as they season it. Also had a side of Kale which was fresh and generous.What made me note it down to a 3.5 star is the setting which is very basic and the fact that you don't have a sit down service.  I enjoy cozy and we'll thought out decors and although the small plants are cute, the setting lacks a bit of warmth and comfort especially since you don't get table service as this means a lot of people getting up to get their plates from the counter.  The good news is that both decor and table service can be added and updated to go with the deliciousness  of their pastries and brunch plates. Overall, I enjoyed my brunch very much as it was tasty but might take my brunch to go next time.
I really enjoyed the rugelach here, but the service left much to be desired. I came here because I wanted to try the challah bread, but I didn't realize they only served it on Fridays. I asked the staff just to confirm, because the menu was in French, and she was unfriendly and a bit standoffish when I asked her for recommendationsStill, would probably come back to try the bread, but I just wish the service was friendlier
after a year of sampling the shit out of Hof and doing my little taste test, i'm upgrading my rating for this awesome jewish bakery that, imo, redefined the game on many things.yes, it can be pricey and yes, some of the goods are misses but damn, angels sing whenever i'm there.the hof is a bakery that provides tables and chairs if you want to sit down to eat which is nice if you want to relax a bit. alongside baked goods, breads and brunch, you have coffee from parlor coffee, a roaster from brooklyn new york.the coffee, for me, is on point. not the best in town but still a good damn cup of joe and strong like i like them.and finally, every time i go there, i get this huge craving and the only prescription is more challah or babka so i try not to go too often. its seriously fattening.now, excuse me while i go lick the pictures of the goods i took
I had brunch here with two friends. It's very busy on weekend mornings. I got a sandwich, which was delicious. And i also got a pistachio croissant as a treat, which was also so good! My friends got the french toast and a salmon dish, and they really enjoyed it. I like the retro style of the bakery. They also have many other desserts and breads that you can take to go.
Hof Kelstein ranks #1 on my list of amazing Hofs, surpassing both David Hasselhoff and Germany's Hofbrauhaus. Why? Because unlike the latter, it makes me feel good about life. I mean, seriously... how could you eat one of their bursting-at-the-seam-with-cheese breakfast sandwiches and not have an optimistic outlook on life? And with latkes reminiscent of Channukah dinners or breads so fluffy you could use them as pillows, this is really all you need to be happy.
Hof Kelsten may not say much from the outside, since the store doesn't have any signs. Yet, their breads, pastries, and brunches speak for themselves. Who needs a sign, when you're that well known!The decor on the inside is unique, you may think it's under construction, but in reality.. It's not. You step into a world of amazing & fantastic quality breads and pastries, which are also available at some of the top restaurants in Montreal. Jeffrey(The owner) who makes you smile at all times, is one very talented, hard working, and great person. Once you met him, you understand why his pastries taste so well, he puts 100% dedication into them, with the finest & European ingredients. Now onto the staff, when I walked into the store, the greeted me so nicely, five minutes later I walked out with a box full of pastries, and a loaf of bread. The staff was kind enough to hand it to me, and open the door, also asked if I needed any help. All this being said, it left a warm, comforting feeling of wanting to come back again and again. Who needs an expensive French patisserie when you have a warm and comforting Hof Kelsten!
I posted a photo of the VLT sandwich. At $9 a pop, I definitely won't be going back. Nice service, though that doesn't make up for it.
It's a very ... pretty space. It's modern and makes you feel like you're about to experience something wonderful. I was very excited to go based on the reviews here, so I finally went one day and decided to try the ricotta and poppyseed bread twist. It was very dry, not particularly flavorful, just not good. I took one bite and if it weren't for the fact that I was really hungry, would have thrown it away. It was that bad. I might give Hof Kelsten a second chance (that strawberry rugelach looked so good, but then again, so did the ricotta bread thing) but not super excited to.
I've been here a few times since it first opened. Amazing bakery. The croissant is buttery but so fluffy. I've had the chicken club sandwich with veal bacon and a side of potato salad. It was light and very tasty. For brunch, I've had the challah french toast with pancetta and egg. Amazing the syrup brings all of the items together. It's a must try. I've also had the schnitzel. Lightly breaded topped off with a green salsa eggs and potatoes. The shakshuka is also one of my favorites. Tomato with mergez sausages with eggs comes also with piece of toast. The house lemonade is very sweet and sour. Downside is there isn't a lot of sitting area so you might have to wait a few minutes but every time I've gone I've maybe waited 10mins. So order your food by the time they call you seats would have opened up.
Challah makes me hollaaaaaaaa. Babka makes me wanna adopt a new religion. Hallelujah! Singing high praises for a bakery that brings us loaves of rye, semolina, whole wheat, white, baguette and all kind of carby  goodness that are kneaded with know how & made with whole ingredients. Sandwiches are some of the best in the city that go beyond a 'like' to enter the territory of love. As for the brunch - haven't been but I'd be down to try it. Amen.
Great latte. I enjoyed the danish I had, but until I have another pastry that leaves a better impression this place gets a 4.
First timer on a brunchy Sunday, and although I am not ecstatic about the Hof (yet), there are some great things to mention: atmosphere was very nice and the service prompt and friendly (thus, review should be 3.5 stars). Had the schnitzel brunch special with hash browns and 2 eggs that came with a green sauerkraut-sauce and sliced bread. For the price I definitely thought I got stuffed. Tastewise however it wasn't crazy special, rather on the bland side. The intriguing sounding sauerkraut-sauce was not really sauerkraut-y..?! Their coffee was good, strong and straightforward. Best thing about this sampling was their breadpudding thingy... The baguette's nice and crispy, but personally I prefer the one from their competition further up on the main... Nevertheless, I will go back for more coffee and try their pastries, croissants, challah and other breads for sure...
The best croissant anywhere in the world. The croissant has a little twang that is intriguing and delicious. The baker used to work with Ferran Adria and his training is definitely put to use make delicious baked goods and sandwiches.
I love the decor here!!! Raw/simple/wild/nice.They have good bakeries and coffee, come and enjoy your afternoon.
It's Sunday morning. Wake up, put pants on, and make your way to Hof. Guaranteed to be the best decision you'll make all day. I'm a regular at the Guillaume bakery a few blocks up, which is known for their French style breads. Hof, on the other hand, specializes more in Jewish style baked goods. Both are equally fantastic, just depends on your mood. But seriously, everything here is wonderful. Disclaimer I've never tried the in-house brunch (and have heard mixed reviews), but have had my weight in breads, cookies, babka, strudels, you name it. And oh my, this place is good. They also serve up a mad latte here. So grab some raisin bread and bialys and start the day right. Note: it's pricey, but yes it's worth every penny.
Hof Kelsten is owned by Jeffrey Finkelstein, who is known in Montreal as the 'bread guy.'  He supplies all the top restaurants with his various bread, and his creds include working at Toque!, French laundry, Per Se, and El Bulli.  His menu is strictly chef-driven, and offers items such as challah, ciabatta, baugettes, croissants, and also hot/cold beverages.  The hubs and I came here to try out some of their croissants - a regular croissant, a croissant sesame and amande, and a poppy seeded croissant with cheese - the croissants were all pretty okay, but I liked the croissant with the poppy seed and the cheese, as it had a nice little goat-cheese-esque hint to it with plenty of poppyseeds.   These were also pretty good when warmed in the microwave the next day for a quick morning snack!  I also saw a colorful special drink beverage, so I tried the Arnie P (can't pass up on an Arnold Palmer!) - this was super refreshing, a slight tartness, and yummy - I highly recommend!  The staff here are super friendly, and there are plenty of seats - the place is more modern and open, and I was surprised, as I thought it would be more of a hole-in-the-wall, industrial bakery place!  Lots of patrons coming in to get breads to go.+run by Jeffrey Finkelstein, the 'bread guy'+fresh croissants+Arnie P drink :D+friendly staff+cash on Canadian debit only!
GREAT FOOD, QUESTIONABLE SERVICEThe bakery is in a prime location on St Laurent Blvd. By recommendation, I decided to go with the GRAVLAX, a bold smoked salmon sandwich. It is definitely one of the BEST form of smoked salmon i have had. Strong smoked salmon with a layer of lettuce and tomato on soft wheat bread generously coated with cream cheese. The combination was perfect and the sandwich was truly delicious. Being a popular in travel magazines, I would assume that people visiting Montreal would want to try the place out. They are not an exclusive cash only place, but they have some strange issues going on with electronic payment (international debit cards). I was told by the staff that they do not accept credit cards (debit only) and they also do not accept international debit cards (USA). They do not accept payment in US dollars (conversion) and was pretty much only left with an option to pay by cash. Displaying specific instructions on acceptable modes of payment would be helpful. Even after withdrawing cash, there was some confusion among the staff to take payment before or after service. This confusion caused delay in service and sort of left me waiting in line while the food had already been prepared.
This is the bakery that serves all the best restaurants and bars in the city. Some great standards in terms of bread. I have had many from the baguette to Rye and many others and they are all great. That is why it has been rated one of the city's best. I haven't eaten any sandwiches yet but look for an updated review when I do. ONE IMPORTANT thing, this is the only place in Montréal that I know of the serves Biolys. Biolys are a New York specialty that are amazing....bagel like bread with an onion centre. I love it! Worth a try. Only a half dozen made each day.
Hof has a little something I can't quite put my finger on that makes you feel happy to be there.The bread here is to DIE for! You MUST try a ricotta + poppy seed twisty bread thingy (yes, it's an order). The coffee is good too and so are the pastries.
Fantastic small minimalist bakery with no name on the outside so you could clearly walk by. What I love about HK is the baked products are seriously some of the best in MTL. I've sampled the chocolate babka pain perdu (glazed with caramel) and also I took a sourdough bread home. The sourdough is the closest thing to SF sourdough that you can get to. Then also we brought back some scones which were buttery, flaky and delicious. One small dissapointment was the cappuccino. I believe it to be some small house indie roasted coffee but I thought mine to be a bit cold and not very strong. Beware not many places to sit and they fill up fast. My next visit will be a whole chocolate babka and possibly some challah bread. Delicious stuff folks. If you are a carb king then this is your royal palace! Check it out!
I've been looking forward to try this place for brunch for a while as I had heard good things about it.  To be fair,  my rating should be 3,5.  What I liked most and deserves 4 stars was the food.  I ordered the pain doré brunch plate.  The pain doré itself ranks in the best pain dores I have tried.  The fact that it's made out of homemade thick slices of bread and pure maple syrup makes it just excellent.  It also comes with a side of back bacon tasty as they season it. Also had a side of Kale which was fresh and generous.What made me note it down to a 3.5 star is the setting which is very basic and the fact that you don't have a sit down service.  I enjoy cozy and we'll thought out decors and although the small plants are cute, the setting lacks a bit of warmth and comfort especially since you don't get table service as this means a lot of people getting up to get their plates from the counter.  The good news is that both decor and table service can be added and updated to go with the deliciousness  of their pastries and brunch plates. Overall, I enjoyed my brunch very much as it was tasty but might take my brunch to go next time.
I really enjoyed the rugelach here, but the service left much to be desired. I came here because I wanted to try the challah bread, but I didn't realize they only served it on Fridays. I asked the staff just to confirm, because the menu was in French, and she was unfriendly and a bit standoffish when I asked her for recommendationsStill, would probably come back to try the bread, but I just wish the service was friendlier
after a year of sampling the shit out of Hof and doing my little taste test, i'm upgrading my rating for this awesome jewish bakery that, imo, redefined the game on many things.yes, it can be pricey and yes, some of the goods are misses but damn, angels sing whenever i'm there.the hof is a bakery that provides tables and chairs if you want to sit down to eat which is nice if you want to relax a bit. alongside baked goods, breads and brunch, you have coffee from parlor coffee, a roaster from brooklyn new york.the coffee, for me, is on point. not the best in town but still a good damn cup of joe and strong like i like them.and finally, every time i go there, i get this huge craving and the only prescription is more challah or babka so i try not to go too often. its seriously fattening.now, excuse me while i go lick the pictures of the goods i took
I had brunch here with two friends. It's very busy on weekend mornings. I got a sandwich, which was delicious. And i also got a pistachio croissant as a treat, which was also so good! My friends got the french toast and a salmon dish, and they really enjoyed it. I like the retro style of the bakery. They also have many other desserts and breads that you can take to go.
Hof Kelstein ranks #1 on my list of amazing Hofs, surpassing both David Hasselhoff and Germany's Hofbrauhaus. Why? Because unlike the latter, it makes me feel good about life. I mean, seriously... how could you eat one of their bursting-at-the-seam-with-cheese breakfast sandwiches and not have an optimistic outlook on life? And with latkes reminiscent of Channukah dinners or breads so fluffy you could use them as pillows, this is really all you need to be happy.
Hof Kelsten may not say much from the outside, since the store doesn't have any signs. Yet, their breads, pastries, and brunches speak for themselves. Who needs a sign, when you're that well known!The decor on the inside is unique, you may think it's under construction, but in reality.. It's not. You step into a world of amazing & fantastic quality breads and pastries, which are also available at some of the top restaurants in Montreal. Jeffrey(The owner) who makes you smile at all times, is one very talented, hard working, and great person. Once you met him, you understand why his pastries taste so well, he puts 100% dedication into them, with the finest & European ingredients. Now onto the staff, when I walked into the store, the greeted me so nicely, five minutes later I walked out with a box full of pastries, and a loaf of bread. The staff was kind enough to hand it to me, and open the door, also asked if I needed any help. All this being said, it left a warm, comforting feeling of wanting to come back again and again. Who needs an expensive French patisserie when you have a warm and comforting Hof Kelsten!
I posted a photo of the VLT sandwich. At $9 a pop, I definitely won't be going back. Nice service, though that doesn't make up for it.
It's a very ... pretty space. It's modern and makes you feel like you're about to experience something wonderful. I was very excited to go based on the reviews here, so I finally went one day and decided to try the ricotta and poppyseed bread twist. It was very dry, not particularly flavorful, just not good. I took one bite and if it weren't for the fact that I was really hungry, would have thrown it away. It was that bad. I might give Hof Kelsten a second chance (that strawberry rugelach looked so good, but then again, so did the ricotta bread thing) but not super excited to.
I've been here a few times since it first opened. Amazing bakery. The croissant is buttery but so fluffy. I've had the chicken club sandwich with veal bacon and a side of potato salad. It was light and very tasty. For brunch, I've had the challah french toast with pancetta and egg. Amazing the syrup brings all of the items together. It's a must try. I've also had the schnitzel. Lightly breaded topped off with a green salsa eggs and potatoes. The shakshuka is also one of my favorites. Tomato with mergez sausages with eggs comes also with piece of toast. The house lemonade is very sweet and sour. Downside is there isn't a lot of sitting area so you might have to wait a few minutes but every time I've gone I've maybe waited 10mins. So order your food by the time they call you seats would have opened up.
Challah makes me hollaaaaaaaa. Babka makes me wanna adopt a new religion. Hallelujah! Singing high praises for a bakery that brings us loaves of rye, semolina, whole wheat, white, baguette and all kind of carby  goodness that are kneaded with know how & made with whole ingredients. Sandwiches are some of the best in the city that go beyond a 'like' to enter the territory of love. As for the brunch - haven't been but I'd be down to try it. Amen.
Great latte. I enjoyed the danish I had, but until I have another pastry that leaves a better impression this place gets a 4.
First timer on a brunchy Sunday, and although I am not ecstatic about the Hof (yet), there are some great things to mention: atmosphere was very nice and the service prompt and friendly (thus, review should be 3.5 stars). Had the schnitzel brunch special with hash browns and 2 eggs that came with a green sauerkraut-sauce and sliced bread. For the price I definitely thought I got stuffed. Tastewise however it wasn't crazy special, rather on the bland side. The intriguing sounding sauerkraut-sauce was not really sauerkraut-y..?! Their coffee was good, strong and straightforward. Best thing about this sampling was their breadpudding thingy... The baguette's nice and crispy, but personally I prefer the one from their competition further up on the main... Nevertheless, I will go back for more coffee and try their pastries, croissants, challah and other breads for sure...
The best croissant anywhere in the world. The croissant has a little twang that is intriguing and delicious. The baker used to work with Ferran Adria and his training is definitely put to use make delicious baked goods and sandwiches.
I love the decor here!!! Raw/simple/wild/nice.They have good bakeries and coffee, come and enjoy your afternoon.
If you're looking for lunch downtown then no worries because your search is over.Order anything on the menu and be delighted be the freshness of the food. They always have one vegetarian soup of the day which warms my heart to no end. Their quiches are creamy yet light and their sandwiches are the perfect thing to grab and go when you're short on time. If you're feeling indulgent and want to treat yourself - you can't go wrong with their lemon tart or their almond croissant. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do!
Wonderful spot for grab-and-go sandwiches or delicious chocolate bread! The chocolatine is good and only $2. Their almond croissant is very good, not as moist as Mamie Clafoutis, but the crispy cookie top is yummy! Service is great.They also have cakes and other sweets, they look nice but also like they sat there for a while.Unfortunately the sandwiches are usually gone on the weekend. Nothing is left!!For weekday lunch and sometimes dinner, the sandwiches are good. There is seating upstairs for people watching. It's lovely in the winter storms where we watch 3 trucks fight their way through the little Peel street.
Beast bread local chain (or boutique if you want to get fancy) ever! Ok, maybe I'm biased. We usually stay in the neighborhood of the one near Sherbrooke and this always has a spot on our itinerary. They offer pastries, croissant, bread, coffee and sandwiches. I'm sure there's better but you can't beat the proximity and convenience of their hours (except Sunday's- closed!!)We usually stop in at some point during the day to pick up almond croissants, chocolate almond croissants and a coffee. All relatively reasonably priced and delicious. I'm always wary of sandwiches at bakeries, however, their sandwiches come pressed and are quite tasty. They offer free wifi and a seating area upstairs. Service is quick if you're just picking up bread or pastries, however, there can be a bit of a wait for sandwiches and lattes.
Good breakfast options. Service was quick and friendly. There are two levels at this location and both levels have food options that you can choose from. The hot sandwiches are really nice. The prepared salmon bagel sandwich was cold and somewhat unappetizing but overall a very good experience.
This is the best patisserie I've been to so far. The almond croissant is something you definitely should get there, it's extremely delicious. The price is also very reasonable. One croissant is around 3.5$ (tax included) and it is pretty filling. On the second floor of the patisserie is a relaxing, clean cafe, where you can enjoy the greatness of the pastries and sweets, along with a nice cup of coffee.
Great place to get pastries and sandwiches. The place is small and quaint. I love their hot chocolate on a cold day with a fruit tart. It's also great if you sit upstairs and people watch.
To be honest the Parisian style Macaroons, while good, were not great, and were certainly surpassed by their Almond and "plain" (classic butter) Croissants in quality. And those Croissants were DELICIOUS! great flaky textures and the Almond was the best ever. My recommendation is to buy at least two so that you will have one for later because they too good to postpone the enjoyment of eating one immediately.Service is friendly and efficient, prices are reasonable.
Pastry, pastry, my world for a pastry.I salivate whenever I walk by any bakery - I can never say 'no' to carbs. But take my advice and say 'no' to the chocolatines (chocolate croissants) here - I always hope they taste better than they look, but every time I've eaten one, they're dry/overbaked, with very little chocolate inside. On the other hand, you cannot go wrong with the baguettes, plain croissants, almond croissants, and almond-chocolate croissants. These are DIVINELY flakely, buttery, and melt-in-your-mouth. I've tried some fruit tarts and small chocolate cakes and they've been good too, but nothing has compared to the croissants and baguettes. Drool.
Love love love this place! Great selection and lines move fast. The sandwiches are amazing I always get one when I am in Montreal! I love the multi grain croissant with the ham or turkey both are great and it never lets me down!
fruit tarts!!!!that's the only reason i go here as i haven't really found the perfect fruit tarts. there's a pain doré in JTM but they don't have fruit tarts and première moisson doesn't satisfy me. that's why when i'm craving some tarts, this is the one i hit. there's something about fresh fruits, a barely sweet custard and the flaky shell. not soggy like other places and not rock hard break a tooth fuck i should sue you either. nothing of sort, just a flaky tart shell that breaks with a bit of pressure.have to say i'm not a fan of anything else though but the fruit tart, i can't get enough of that!
This is an adorable little place to grab a quick breakfast. I had the grilled baguette with butter and raspberry jam, and a cappuccino. My Sweetheart had the Sicilian Panini with coffee and we split a pan au chocolat. Everything was delicious and fresh and the service was charming!
Neat little sandwich shop and bakery in the McGill/downtown area.  I stopped in and got a turkey baguette sandwich (thin-sliced turkey, greens, and what I think was a thin layer of dijon)...nothing elaborate, but really delicious, mostly due to the freshness of the bread.  I also decided to try the pain au chocolat, which was good but didn't taste quite as fresh as the baguette.  In any case the whole thing came to a very reasonable price (around $10), so it was a satisfactory lunch.  They have a small seating area on the second floor, upstairs from the counter and register.  A good option for small parties looking to grab some quick, inexpensive, French cafe food.  The employees were friendly and the shop is bright and sunny.
They have the best creme brulee. They toast the top right in front of you and they are always friendly. Only bad thing is that they run out so darn quickly. Their lemon tarts are nice as well, more tart than sweet.
My friend says I have a regular stomach for meals, a stomach for desserts, and finally a stomach for bread. Pain Doré was right up my alley for satisfying all my carb needs. I remember walking by this place all the time during my first year in Montreal. It wasn't until one day when I decided to have a picnic that I finally paid this place a visit. I have tried their olive bread, raisin and nut bread, brioche, but somehow I always revert back to their classic old baguette. I think if I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life, it would probably be a baguette. Personally I haven't tried their pastries but that's because I have more of a "bread" tooth and a sweet tooth. Regardless, their pastry selection looks pretty damn awesome.They have a sister store called Brioche Dorée at St. Laurent and Prince Arthur. The selection of bread there is definitely not as diverse as the ones they have at Pain Doré. If you're a bread fanatic, this location is probably better suited for your carb needs. Keep in mind if you go during lunch hours, this place could get pretty jam packed with a line that extends out the door.  P.S. I just found out this place actually has two floors with a little café upstairs. Will probably go up there someday, enjoy a coffee, try out some pastries, and do some people watching.
A delightful little bakery with fresh breads, croissants and more. I love bakeries, so already having bought lunch, I had to check this place out.The cranberry bread had plenty of cranberries and a good chewy texture.  The olive bread was also good.  If I am back in Montreal, I would love to try some other baked goods here.
The prime location and mighty fine pastries keep customers coming back for more. Au Pain Doré is a Montreal bakery that has been in business for over 50 years, pretty sure it's not this location though. They have successfully spread across Montreal with a focus on traditional French tastes using artisanal baking techniques and quality ingredients.This particular location is actually two floors.  The ground floor is the busy section with customers coming and going while the baked goods fly off the shelves. Counters line the walls selling breads, pastries, and other baked goods.  The second floor is jam packed with tables and chairs and a small deli counter.Normally I don't head downtown for a loaf of bread, but their selection of loaves and baguettes get my mouth watering every time.  Usually I stop by for the pastries.  I just tried their superb cherry danish.  A light flaky pastry covered in a perfect glaze and topped with cherry filling. I'll be back for another one soon.  They build some pretty nice sandwiches too. Built on their fresh baked bread and packed full with full fresh ingredients they absolutely destroy Subway.Stuff is a little more expensive than Tim Horton's but is pretty similar to what you would pay at Starbucks.  The staff have always been helpful even when we aren't speaking the same language. It's a perfect spot to grab a treat if you happen to be downtown.
the confidence was the best! I think it's one of their most famous dessert and it's definitely worth the hype. It looks like a giant macaron, but I think it tastes much better. It's crispy and chewy and  has an awesome filling. The chocolate raspberry one is a must try! There's a little cafe upstairs where you can enjoy their baked goods as well as a cup of hot coffee. :)
This place has been my one of my go to spots ever since my first visit to Montreal. This spot is located on the main hub of activity and serves as a great alternate to bring something to your hotel room or a very good snack for your trip. I really like their baked good especially the croissants and palmiers. This trip was no exception I grabbed a Turkey sandwich for the trip back (on a croissant of course :) and a apricot and cheese danish for dessert. the dessert are the right amount of sweet and hit the spot for me.  People seated next to me on the trip back were envious and I ate till my heart was content. If you are leaving from downtown for your trip back this is a great option (other being the atwater location as the highway exit quite close)
After strolling the nearby McGill campus, my kid and I were hungry for lunch, so we popped in here for a light bite. I ordered a sandwich with goat cheese and veggies: I forget the name, but it was quite good (if not a tad plain), along with an iced coffee. My kid ordered a croissant. We went upstairs to eat, and the gal behind the counter upstairs prepared my coffee drink (which was excellent). The best thing we ordered was the croissant. It was superb. Extremely fresh and light and flaky and buttery (but not in a greasy way). Makes me want to go back and try their other bakery goods.It was nice to go upstairs and sit along the window and watch the hustle and bustle and the people of the city below.
Booyah!!!  This patisserie in the middle of downtown was one of the highlights of my trip to Montreal. Nothing beats authentic homemade french breads and desserts. I loved it so much, I made two trips in two days. I had a chocolate eclair, chocolate muffin and a mini croissant. My mom had fruit tarte, lemon tarte, almond croissant and tarte aux fine pomme. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They also have breads, quiche, sandwiches, coffee and other amazing pastries.  The service is fast and friendly. C'est excellente!!
If you're looking for lunch downtown then no worries because your search is over.Order anything on the menu and be delighted be the freshness of the food. They always have one vegetarian soup of the day which warms my heart to no end. Their quiches are creamy yet light and their sandwiches are the perfect thing to grab and go when you're short on time. If you're feeling indulgent and want to treat yourself - you can't go wrong with their lemon tart or their almond croissant. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do!
Wonderful spot for grab-and-go sandwiches or delicious chocolate bread! The chocolatine is good and only $2. Their almond croissant is very good, not as moist as Mamie Clafoutis, but the crispy cookie top is yummy! Service is great.They also have cakes and other sweets, they look nice but also like they sat there for a while.Unfortunately the sandwiches are usually gone on the weekend. Nothing is left!!For weekday lunch and sometimes dinner, the sandwiches are good. There is seating upstairs for people watching. It's lovely in the winter storms where we watch 3 trucks fight their way through the little Peel street.
Beast bread local chain (or boutique if you want to get fancy) ever! Ok, maybe I'm biased. We usually stay in the neighborhood of the one near Sherbrooke and this always has a spot on our itinerary. They offer pastries, croissant, bread, coffee and sandwiches. I'm sure there's better but you can't beat the proximity and convenience of their hours (except Sunday's- closed!!)We usually stop in at some point during the day to pick up almond croissants, chocolate almond croissants and a coffee. All relatively reasonably priced and delicious. I'm always wary of sandwiches at bakeries, however, their sandwiches come pressed and are quite tasty. They offer free wifi and a seating area upstairs. Service is quick if you're just picking up bread or pastries, however, there can be a bit of a wait for sandwiches and lattes.
Good breakfast options. Service was quick and friendly. There are two levels at this location and both levels have food options that you can choose from. The hot sandwiches are really nice. The prepared salmon bagel sandwich was cold and somewhat unappetizing but overall a very good experience.
This is the best patisserie I've been to so far. The almond croissant is something you definitely should get there, it's extremely delicious. The price is also very reasonable. One croissant is around 3.5$ (tax included) and it is pretty filling. On the second floor of the patisserie is a relaxing, clean cafe, where you can enjoy the greatness of the pastries and sweets, along with a nice cup of coffee.
Great place to get pastries and sandwiches. The place is small and quaint. I love their hot chocolate on a cold day with a fruit tart. It's also great if you sit upstairs and people watch.
To be honest the Parisian style Macaroons, while good, were not great, and were certainly surpassed by their Almond and "plain" (classic butter) Croissants in quality. And those Croissants were DELICIOUS! great flaky textures and the Almond was the best ever. My recommendation is to buy at least two so that you will have one for later because they too good to postpone the enjoyment of eating one immediately.Service is friendly and efficient, prices are reasonable.
Pastry, pastry, my world for a pastry.I salivate whenever I walk by any bakery - I can never say 'no' to carbs. But take my advice and say 'no' to the chocolatines (chocolate croissants) here - I always hope they taste better than they look, but every time I've eaten one, they're dry/overbaked, with very little chocolate inside. On the other hand, you cannot go wrong with the baguettes, plain croissants, almond croissants, and almond-chocolate croissants. These are DIVINELY flakely, buttery, and melt-in-your-mouth. I've tried some fruit tarts and small chocolate cakes and they've been good too, but nothing has compared to the croissants and baguettes. Drool.
Love love love this place! Great selection and lines move fast. The sandwiches are amazing I always get one when I am in Montreal! I love the multi grain croissant with the ham or turkey both are great and it never lets me down!
fruit tarts!!!!that's the only reason i go here as i haven't really found the perfect fruit tarts. there's a pain doré in JTM but they don't have fruit tarts and première moisson doesn't satisfy me. that's why when i'm craving some tarts, this is the one i hit. there's something about fresh fruits, a barely sweet custard and the flaky shell. not soggy like other places and not rock hard break a tooth fuck i should sue you either. nothing of sort, just a flaky tart shell that breaks with a bit of pressure.have to say i'm not a fan of anything else though but the fruit tart, i can't get enough of that!
This is an adorable little place to grab a quick breakfast. I had the grilled baguette with butter and raspberry jam, and a cappuccino. My Sweetheart had the Sicilian Panini with coffee and we split a pan au chocolat. Everything was delicious and fresh and the service was charming!
Neat little sandwich shop and bakery in the McGill/downtown area.  I stopped in and got a turkey baguette sandwich (thin-sliced turkey, greens, and what I think was a thin layer of dijon)...nothing elaborate, but really delicious, mostly due to the freshness of the bread.  I also decided to try the pain au chocolat, which was good but didn't taste quite as fresh as the baguette.  In any case the whole thing came to a very reasonable price (around $10), so it was a satisfactory lunch.  They have a small seating area on the second floor, upstairs from the counter and register.  A good option for small parties looking to grab some quick, inexpensive, French cafe food.  The employees were friendly and the shop is bright and sunny.
They have the best creme brulee. They toast the top right in front of you and they are always friendly. Only bad thing is that they run out so darn quickly. Their lemon tarts are nice as well, more tart than sweet.
My friend says I have a regular stomach for meals, a stomach for desserts, and finally a stomach for bread. Pain Doré was right up my alley for satisfying all my carb needs. I remember walking by this place all the time during my first year in Montreal. It wasn't until one day when I decided to have a picnic that I finally paid this place a visit. I have tried their olive bread, raisin and nut bread, brioche, but somehow I always revert back to their classic old baguette. I think if I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life, it would probably be a baguette. Personally I haven't tried their pastries but that's because I have more of a "bread" tooth and a sweet tooth. Regardless, their pastry selection looks pretty damn awesome.They have a sister store called Brioche Dorée at St. Laurent and Prince Arthur. The selection of bread there is definitely not as diverse as the ones they have at Pain Doré. If you're a bread fanatic, this location is probably better suited for your carb needs. Keep in mind if you go during lunch hours, this place could get pretty jam packed with a line that extends out the door.  P.S. I just found out this place actually has two floors with a little café upstairs. Will probably go up there someday, enjoy a coffee, try out some pastries, and do some people watching.
A delightful little bakery with fresh breads, croissants and more. I love bakeries, so already having bought lunch, I had to check this place out.The cranberry bread had plenty of cranberries and a good chewy texture.  The olive bread was also good.  If I am back in Montreal, I would love to try some other baked goods here.
The prime location and mighty fine pastries keep customers coming back for more. Au Pain Doré is a Montreal bakery that has been in business for over 50 years, pretty sure it's not this location though. They have successfully spread across Montreal with a focus on traditional French tastes using artisanal baking techniques and quality ingredients.This particular location is actually two floors.  The ground floor is the busy section with customers coming and going while the baked goods fly off the shelves. Counters line the walls selling breads, pastries, and other baked goods.  The second floor is jam packed with tables and chairs and a small deli counter.Normally I don't head downtown for a loaf of bread, but their selection of loaves and baguettes get my mouth watering every time.  Usually I stop by for the pastries.  I just tried their superb cherry danish.  A light flaky pastry covered in a perfect glaze and topped with cherry filling. I'll be back for another one soon.  They build some pretty nice sandwiches too. Built on their fresh baked bread and packed full with full fresh ingredients they absolutely destroy Subway.Stuff is a little more expensive than Tim Horton's but is pretty similar to what you would pay at Starbucks.  The staff have always been helpful even when we aren't speaking the same language. It's a perfect spot to grab a treat if you happen to be downtown.
the confidence was the best! I think it's one of their most famous dessert and it's definitely worth the hype. It looks like a giant macaron, but I think it tastes much better. It's crispy and chewy and  has an awesome filling. The chocolate raspberry one is a must try! There's a little cafe upstairs where you can enjoy their baked goods as well as a cup of hot coffee. :)
This place has been my one of my go to spots ever since my first visit to Montreal. This spot is located on the main hub of activity and serves as a great alternate to bring something to your hotel room or a very good snack for your trip. I really like their baked good especially the croissants and palmiers. This trip was no exception I grabbed a Turkey sandwich for the trip back (on a croissant of course :) and a apricot and cheese danish for dessert. the dessert are the right amount of sweet and hit the spot for me.  People seated next to me on the trip back were envious and I ate till my heart was content. If you are leaving from downtown for your trip back this is a great option (other being the atwater location as the highway exit quite close)
After strolling the nearby McGill campus, my kid and I were hungry for lunch, so we popped in here for a light bite. I ordered a sandwich with goat cheese and veggies: I forget the name, but it was quite good (if not a tad plain), along with an iced coffee. My kid ordered a croissant. We went upstairs to eat, and the gal behind the counter upstairs prepared my coffee drink (which was excellent). The best thing we ordered was the croissant. It was superb. Extremely fresh and light and flaky and buttery (but not in a greasy way). Makes me want to go back and try their other bakery goods.It was nice to go upstairs and sit along the window and watch the hustle and bustle and the people of the city below.
Booyah!!!  This patisserie in the middle of downtown was one of the highlights of my trip to Montreal. Nothing beats authentic homemade french breads and desserts. I loved it so much, I made two trips in two days. I had a chocolate eclair, chocolate muffin and a mini croissant. My mom had fruit tarte, lemon tarte, almond croissant and tarte aux fine pomme. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They also have breads, quiche, sandwiches, coffee and other amazing pastries.  The service is fast and friendly. C'est excellente!!
If you're looking for lunch downtown then no worries because your search is over.Order anything on the menu and be delighted be the freshness of the food. They always have one vegetarian soup of the day which warms my heart to no end. Their quiches are creamy yet light and their sandwiches are the perfect thing to grab and go when you're short on time. If you're feeling indulgent and want to treat yourself - you can't go wrong with their lemon tart or their almond croissant. Hope you enjoy them as much as I do!
Wonderful spot for grab-and-go sandwiches or delicious chocolate bread! The chocolatine is good and only $2. Their almond croissant is very good, not as moist as Mamie Clafoutis, but the crispy cookie top is yummy! Service is great.They also have cakes and other sweets, they look nice but also like they sat there for a while.Unfortunately the sandwiches are usually gone on the weekend. Nothing is left!!For weekday lunch and sometimes dinner, the sandwiches are good. There is seating upstairs for people watching. It's lovely in the winter storms where we watch 3 trucks fight their way through the little Peel street.
Beast bread local chain (or boutique if you want to get fancy) ever! Ok, maybe I'm biased. We usually stay in the neighborhood of the one near Sherbrooke and this always has a spot on our itinerary. They offer pastries, croissant, bread, coffee and sandwiches. I'm sure there's better but you can't beat the proximity and convenience of their hours (except Sunday's- closed!!)We usually stop in at some point during the day to pick up almond croissants, chocolate almond croissants and a coffee. All relatively reasonably priced and delicious. I'm always wary of sandwiches at bakeries, however, their sandwiches come pressed and are quite tasty. They offer free wifi and a seating area upstairs. Service is quick if you're just picking up bread or pastries, however, there can be a bit of a wait for sandwiches and lattes.
Good breakfast options. Service was quick and friendly. There are two levels at this location and both levels have food options that you can choose from. The hot sandwiches are really nice. The prepared salmon bagel sandwich was cold and somewhat unappetizing but overall a very good experience.
This is the best patisserie I've been to so far. The almond croissant is something you definitely should get there, it's extremely delicious. The price is also very reasonable. One croissant is around 3.5$ (tax included) and it is pretty filling. On the second floor of the patisserie is a relaxing, clean cafe, where you can enjoy the greatness of the pastries and sweets, along with a nice cup of coffee.
Great place to get pastries and sandwiches. The place is small and quaint. I love their hot chocolate on a cold day with a fruit tart. It's also great if you sit upstairs and people watch.
To be honest the Parisian style Macaroons, while good, were not great, and were certainly surpassed by their Almond and "plain" (classic butter) Croissants in quality. And those Croissants were DELICIOUS! great flaky textures and the Almond was the best ever. My recommendation is to buy at least two so that you will have one for later because they too good to postpone the enjoyment of eating one immediately.Service is friendly and efficient, prices are reasonable.
Pastry, pastry, my world for a pastry.I salivate whenever I walk by any bakery - I can never say 'no' to carbs. But take my advice and say 'no' to the chocolatines (chocolate croissants) here - I always hope they taste better than they look, but every time I've eaten one, they're dry/overbaked, with very little chocolate inside. On the other hand, you cannot go wrong with the baguettes, plain croissants, almond croissants, and almond-chocolate croissants. These are DIVINELY flakely, buttery, and melt-in-your-mouth. I've tried some fruit tarts and small chocolate cakes and they've been good too, but nothing has compared to the croissants and baguettes. Drool.
Love love love this place! Great selection and lines move fast. The sandwiches are amazing I always get one when I am in Montreal! I love the multi grain croissant with the ham or turkey both are great and it never lets me down!
fruit tarts!!!!that's the only reason i go here as i haven't really found the perfect fruit tarts. there's a pain doré in JTM but they don't have fruit tarts and première moisson doesn't satisfy me. that's why when i'm craving some tarts, this is the one i hit. there's something about fresh fruits, a barely sweet custard and the flaky shell. not soggy like other places and not rock hard break a tooth fuck i should sue you either. nothing of sort, just a flaky tart shell that breaks with a bit of pressure.have to say i'm not a fan of anything else though but the fruit tart, i can't get enough of that!
This is an adorable little place to grab a quick breakfast. I had the grilled baguette with butter and raspberry jam, and a cappuccino. My Sweetheart had the Sicilian Panini with coffee and we split a pan au chocolat. Everything was delicious and fresh and the service was charming!
Neat little sandwich shop and bakery in the McGill/downtown area.  I stopped in and got a turkey baguette sandwich (thin-sliced turkey, greens, and what I think was a thin layer of dijon)...nothing elaborate, but really delicious, mostly due to the freshness of the bread.  I also decided to try the pain au chocolat, which was good but didn't taste quite as fresh as the baguette.  In any case the whole thing came to a very reasonable price (around $10), so it was a satisfactory lunch.  They have a small seating area on the second floor, upstairs from the counter and register.  A good option for small parties looking to grab some quick, inexpensive, French cafe food.  The employees were friendly and the shop is bright and sunny.
They have the best creme brulee. They toast the top right in front of you and they are always friendly. Only bad thing is that they run out so darn quickly. Their lemon tarts are nice as well, more tart than sweet.
My friend says I have a regular stomach for meals, a stomach for desserts, and finally a stomach for bread. Pain Doré was right up my alley for satisfying all my carb needs. I remember walking by this place all the time during my first year in Montreal. It wasn't until one day when I decided to have a picnic that I finally paid this place a visit. I have tried their olive bread, raisin and nut bread, brioche, but somehow I always revert back to their classic old baguette. I think if I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life, it would probably be a baguette. Personally I haven't tried their pastries but that's because I have more of a "bread" tooth and a sweet tooth. Regardless, their pastry selection looks pretty damn awesome.They have a sister store called Brioche Dorée at St. Laurent and Prince Arthur. The selection of bread there is definitely not as diverse as the ones they have at Pain Doré. If you're a bread fanatic, this location is probably better suited for your carb needs. Keep in mind if you go during lunch hours, this place could get pretty jam packed with a line that extends out the door.  P.S. I just found out this place actually has two floors with a little café upstairs. Will probably go up there someday, enjoy a coffee, try out some pastries, and do some people watching.
A delightful little bakery with fresh breads, croissants and more. I love bakeries, so already having bought lunch, I had to check this place out.The cranberry bread had plenty of cranberries and a good chewy texture.  The olive bread was also good.  If I am back in Montreal, I would love to try some other baked goods here.
The prime location and mighty fine pastries keep customers coming back for more. Au Pain Doré is a Montreal bakery that has been in business for over 50 years, pretty sure it's not this location though. They have successfully spread across Montreal with a focus on traditional French tastes using artisanal baking techniques and quality ingredients.This particular location is actually two floors.  The ground floor is the busy section with customers coming and going while the baked goods fly off the shelves. Counters line the walls selling breads, pastries, and other baked goods.  The second floor is jam packed with tables and chairs and a small deli counter.Normally I don't head downtown for a loaf of bread, but their selection of loaves and baguettes get my mouth watering every time.  Usually I stop by for the pastries.  I just tried their superb cherry danish.  A light flaky pastry covered in a perfect glaze and topped with cherry filling. I'll be back for another one soon.  They build some pretty nice sandwiches too. Built on their fresh baked bread and packed full with full fresh ingredients they absolutely destroy Subway.Stuff is a little more expensive than Tim Horton's but is pretty similar to what you would pay at Starbucks.  The staff have always been helpful even when we aren't speaking the same language. It's a perfect spot to grab a treat if you happen to be downtown.
the confidence was the best! I think it's one of their most famous dessert and it's definitely worth the hype. It looks like a giant macaron, but I think it tastes much better. It's crispy and chewy and  has an awesome filling. The chocolate raspberry one is a must try! There's a little cafe upstairs where you can enjoy their baked goods as well as a cup of hot coffee. :)
This place has been my one of my go to spots ever since my first visit to Montreal. This spot is located on the main hub of activity and serves as a great alternate to bring something to your hotel room or a very good snack for your trip. I really like their baked good especially the croissants and palmiers. This trip was no exception I grabbed a Turkey sandwich for the trip back (on a croissant of course :) and a apricot and cheese danish for dessert. the dessert are the right amount of sweet and hit the spot for me.  People seated next to me on the trip back were envious and I ate till my heart was content. If you are leaving from downtown for your trip back this is a great option (other being the atwater location as the highway exit quite close)
After strolling the nearby McGill campus, my kid and I were hungry for lunch, so we popped in here for a light bite. I ordered a sandwich with goat cheese and veggies: I forget the name, but it was quite good (if not a tad plain), along with an iced coffee. My kid ordered a croissant. We went upstairs to eat, and the gal behind the counter upstairs prepared my coffee drink (which was excellent). The best thing we ordered was the croissant. It was superb. Extremely fresh and light and flaky and buttery (but not in a greasy way). Makes me want to go back and try their other bakery goods.It was nice to go upstairs and sit along the window and watch the hustle and bustle and the people of the city below.
Booyah!!!  This patisserie in the middle of downtown was one of the highlights of my trip to Montreal. Nothing beats authentic homemade french breads and desserts. I loved it so much, I made two trips in two days. I had a chocolate eclair, chocolate muffin and a mini croissant. My mom had fruit tarte, lemon tarte, almond croissant and tarte aux fine pomme. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They also have breads, quiche, sandwiches, coffee and other amazing pastries.  The service is fast and friendly. C'est excellente!!
Not a huge chocolate sweets fan, but this place knocked it out of the park. Everything on the menu sound amazing and the waffles with chocolate and ice cream was the best thing I've had in a while. The flavours are perfect not to sweet just right.Advice go with a few people this way you can all share each other's dishes.
I love the decor. The atmosphere of eating chocolate and watching the snow storm outside its huge windows is 5 stars!!!! The service we had that day was very good.Here it is more American menu options than Juliet et Chocolat. Lots of ice cream!!!!So badly craved the Black and White after seeing the pictures and I was NOT disappointed. Super good! Two scoops of ice cream with hardened chocolate drizzle on top, plus crispy chocolate dots for dipping. The waffle was great but thick! I like.Anyways it's 3 stars because they refused to refund my friend's $100 tip (this happened a while ago). Clearly a mistake! How dare they argue? It took 30 minutes to finally have them refund it. I think that's ridiculous.
If you're looking for a diabetic coma to fall in to, you have come to the right place! The smell of chocolate permeates the air of this crowded cafe. They somehow have managed to cram a large number of tables into their square footage while maintaining the navigability of the space.  With a menu so overwhelmingly large, it's a good thing the the staff is friendly and helpful and can help you navigate the sea of sweet that comprises their offerings. In addition to chocolate and sweets, they also have a selection of savory menu items, such as crepes and paninis. I ordered the breakfast crepe with spinach, feta, and egg. The spinach they used was fresh baby spinach and I was surprise to see the egg did not come inside my crepe but in the format of two perfect sunny side up eggs next to my crepe. As it turned out, I loved it that way! I got to dip my crepe into the runny egg yokes as one would points of toast. My only complaint was that Cacao 70 does not offer be channel sauce with their crepes, and so, the crepe was a bit dry.All in all, a great place to go as long as you don't mind leaving with a bit of a sweets induced tummy ache!
Perfect place for a date. After a meal, I was looking for a place to have fruits. Had a craving for fruits on that day. hahaShe suggested me Cacao70. We ordered a chocolate fondue for 2 :DI asked for extra fruits. Banana, strawberry, apple tastes good with chocolate.It was fun to deep fruits into chocolate. She was all excited about it. The waffle drives her crazy hahaStaff was very kind. Water cup was always filled up.The atmosphere was great. Great experience. I'm not a crazy fan about chocolate, but the extra fruits was really nice.Strongly recommend for date place. Excite her with damn chocolate haha
This place is utterly amazing, I traveled to Montreal for spring break (I know crazy right?), but it was absolutely wonderful! My best friend and I would go here every morning to order the illegal waffles, black and white waffles, the fondue, the best lazy breakfast ever and of course the Costa Rica 30+ chocolate drink. I wish there was something like this in the states. :(
Wanna get stuffed with chocolate (and/or sugar in general)? This is the place! Just upon entering the sweet chocolate scent hits you in the face. Come early in the afternoon or morning, since it can get pretty busy in the evenings (the place is rather small and craving a sugar hit, you won't want to wait).The menu is long, actually a bit too long if you ask me. It's very difficult to decide, unless you wanna come every day and try something different. Well, that was not the case here since we were in town only for a little while. If you are a party of at least two or three people, it's worth ordering an assortment of several things - Sweet Chocolate Experience or Sharing for Two or More, that way you get to try more and share instead of getting too stuffed by yourself.We ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake (kinda resembles Tiramisu), something we should have shared, cause it's too much for one person - too much chocolate in one go (if there is such a thing, you'll say... and there is!). Black and White Waffle - a huge portion of waffles, chocolate, ice cream and whipped cream (also a lot for one person), Hot Chocolate and a Strawberry White Chocolate Shake (a small one). A lot (too much) for one evening if you ask me. Everything was tasty, but tolling on our stomachs.Next evening we tried Strawberry and Cheesecake Crepe (the best decision I've made here), Tuna Sandwich with a side salad, Chicken Sandwich without sides and a Brazilian Coffee. Sandwiches were nothing special - too much bread and too little contents (in the end it's a chocolate place, not a sandwich place, sometimes I forget about these things). The crepe was a proper one and I would have ordered it again if ever in town. All in all a good dessert place, but try to hold yourself back a bit when ordering. Even if you're super hungry, you might get stuffed all too fast, so rather share and order twice, if needed. :)Staff is super helpful and they speak English - also the menu comes in English as well.
Food: Can't help it, love this place even though I don't like sweets that much! but the fondue is to die for! so good!!
This place is part of my top 5 places to go in Montreal! (Visit my page to read my other top 5 reviews!)Absolutely amazing! I always recommend this place to all my friends who visit Montreal. This little restaurant is an absolute gem. The place is very well decorated and very unique. Definitely in my top 5 places to visit if you ever pass by this beautiful city. I always get the "sweet chocolate experience for two." This place is the perfect place to go on a romantic date or have a great time with friends. What is more hilarious than laughing at each other with chocolate stuck on everyone's teeth? :)I would also recommend the crepes as they are really tasty as well! To be honest, anything on this menu is good. Highly recommended and a solid 5 stars! Well worth it I promise you!
Thank you for the wonderful chocolatey experience Cacao 70! This cozy cafe reminded me of Max Brenners in NYC. Looked like there was a mix of tourists and natives dining here. I'd definitely come back again and again as a treat for myself x) We ordered: - Chocolate, marshmallow pizza (came with strawberries and bananas which can be dipped in a small dish of melted chocolate) the bread was slightly sweet and combined well with the chocolate spread and the lightly toasted marshmallows. - American style hot cocoa (you can get this either with milk chocolate/ medium or dark chocolate) I got it with dark chocolate. Though delicious I couldn't finish it :P - raspberry parfait ice cream cup (loved the brownie bites in this one!)
It seems that the folks here in Montreal love their chocolate. We were overwhelmed with the choices on the "sweets" menu, but finally decided that you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue. The "single" Flaming Turtle  was plenty for the two of us and  included banana, strawberry,  pineapple,  waffles and brownie bites. The chocolate was a perfect consistency and the right amount for the items to dip. You could taste the mixed in rum sauce at the back of your throat....in a good way. We also ordered a spicy hot chocolate with curry and pepper. I would have liked it to be spicier and a bit hotter in temperature, but it was still delicious.   Other sections of the menu feature milkshakes, sundaes, chocolate for the purist, s'more's, crepes and waffles and on and on and on. It was slamming here on a Sunday night, but servers were friendly and unflustered. Seems like it would be a good choice for date night!
What a little piece of French Canadian Crepe heaven!  It's a great little brunch and dessert spot located near McGill that seems to be a favorite amongst college students.  On a Sunday morning around 10 AM we were seated without a wait. Fickle as ever we opted for the 70 salad, the Italian sausage frittata and the illegal chocolate waffle. The salad is a mixed green salad with feta and tomatoes topped off with a poppyseed dressing. It was quite good though I wished I had ordered the dressing on the side.The frittata was hot, came in a cast iron skillet. It was savory and filling. I was barely able to put a dent into it. The crown jewel of the meal was the illegal waffle. I will admit I like my waffle crispier than that but besides that it was a piece of heaven. The bananas were transformed into a "banana brûlée" with caramelized sugar. The order of operations was to then dip the banana or waffle in a chocolate sauce or whipped topping then top it off with these mini whopper balls. Unbelievable!They also have a dessert menu. No doubt we'll be back in the future. By the time we left it got quite busy so clearly this is no well kept secret.
It opens at 10AM, and there was already a line up! This place is super cute with a wide selection of chocolate as well. I think I ate way too much chocolate during this trip! We ordered a pretty big brunch, the bananas, strawberries and pineapples comes with it as a little treat! How nice! oh and don't forget about the melted chocolate dip!And brunch is served! That was such a nice little treat from the restaurant! I didn't expect that.My husband got the chicken egg sandwich. I got the egg, bacon, beans, bread, potatoes and sausages! They come in big big big portions!!! So make sure you go hungry!!I love the atmosphere of this place. Super cute! I would love to come back here for dessert!
Cuteness overload. The front is a chocolate shop and the back is a restaurant good for brunch. The smell of chocolate wafts through the air leaving you hungry for sweets. Got the nutella and strawberry/banana crepe- portion was huge. It was exactly what I expected and wanted. My bf got the orange grand marnier crepe, which was good, but drenched in too much sugar. It was too heavy and I think I would have gotten sick from eating the entire thing (good thing he's a piggy and ate it all). The way they make the food here was like artwork. We sat by the open kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully drizzle chocolate on each crepe and decorate each dish to perfection. I think it was a fun experience to try it out, however, balancing a sweet dish with a salty one would have been smart.
Wow. everyone that visits montreal needs to stop by this place. Chocolate HEAVEN!!!! they have absolutely everything everything cocolicious you can imagine. I am not sure if this is a chain but i know that they have at least 2 locations in montreal.I came in on a week day for lunch after getting recommendations from a friend of mine and also reading about it on food blogs. I must say it does not disappoint! I went for the nutty waffle which consist of nuts with vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream, chocolate, nutty drizzles (i think hazelnut), bananas and strawberries. You can substitute your waffles for a crunchier type call cacao 70 for about 2 CAD more i think. I went with that and boy i devour that whole thing down in just a few. So goood!!! it' a bit sweet and quite a big portion for one to finish so i would suggest going with a friend if you can unless you are like me who is traveling on her own. so foodies if you are into nuts and chocolate i highly recommend this one! i was debating between this an the one on the special section "feel like chocolate" or the marshmallow and chocolate pizza. But both of the other ones seems a bit overwhelming for one so i went with this instead. Service was fast and pleasant. I would def come back again when I am in town next time around!
Came here to try out a crepe and ended up having their chocolate stout. Really good food. It was light and perfect.
First time at cocoa 70, it's amazing...I had the brownie volcano with vanilla ice cream and it was out of this world...loved everything about it...the brownie was moist and rich and the ice cream so creamy. I also had cappuccino, loved it!!!
This place was a great alternative to my normal Montreal chocolate-centric restaurant which is Juliette et Chocolat. I honestly over did it on the chocolate here but every bit of it was worth it.My meal consisted of a waffle (very sweet, though i wish it wasn't candyish flavored) topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate fudge drizzle and white chocolate drizzle.  This included a side of warm milk and white chocolate to dip my ice cream of waffle in, if the drizzle was not enough, with an additional few grams of  milk chocolate ball toppings (I'm sure that there's some much more eloquent name for them).  The meal was very rich to say the least.  I OD'd on sugar and chocolate.  I only wish that the waffle wasn't ridiculously sweet and that one of the female waitresses wasn't  so non-attentive and nonchalant.  Overall good experience for a busy late evening snack though.
I was visiting Montreal from New Brunswick and had heard great things about this place. My boyfriend and I wanted something sweet after dinner, so we decided to give it a try. When we entered, we were seated immediately despite seeing a full restaurant. Service was friendly and fast (though it took us a while to figure out what we were going to get!) Once we figured it out,  (we got the "Feel like chocolate" plate to share) we certainly had no regrets! The only regret is that we didn't  have more time to taste all the delicious chocolate dishes! We also got boozy milkshakes (the Brazilian, I believe) and it was amazing. Such a great experience and very delicious treats! Will definitely be back again next time I am in the city.
Do you want Chocolate everything?And I do mean almost everything.It's like someone decided to single handedly support the chocolate market by opening this store so that Canadian chocolate lovers could get their fix.And this place is their dealer.Decent chocolate at average to above average prices.Crepes and waffles seem to be the popular thing here, but you know me, I'm all about the hot chocolate.After walking in the snow, who wouldn't want hot chocolate?Now all I need is a toboggan and a backpack for my adventure through Montreal.
The interior of the cafe was clean and organised, with lots of space in between tables so you can surely get some private time while dining there. Got the lazy breakfast and it was served with a mini fruit platter that came with melted chocolate on the side which was simply a treat. Coffee was pretty decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an exceptional brunch!
Not a huge chocolate sweets fan, but this place knocked it out of the park. Everything on the menu sound amazing and the waffles with chocolate and ice cream was the best thing I've had in a while. The flavours are perfect not to sweet just right.Advice go with a few people this way you can all share each other's dishes.
I love the decor. The atmosphere of eating chocolate and watching the snow storm outside its huge windows is 5 stars!!!! The service we had that day was very good.Here it is more American menu options than Juliet et Chocolat. Lots of ice cream!!!!So badly craved the Black and White after seeing the pictures and I was NOT disappointed. Super good! Two scoops of ice cream with hardened chocolate drizzle on top, plus crispy chocolate dots for dipping. The waffle was great but thick! I like.Anyways it's 3 stars because they refused to refund my friend's $100 tip (this happened a while ago). Clearly a mistake! How dare they argue? It took 30 minutes to finally have them refund it. I think that's ridiculous.
If you're looking for a diabetic coma to fall in to, you have come to the right place! The smell of chocolate permeates the air of this crowded cafe. They somehow have managed to cram a large number of tables into their square footage while maintaining the navigability of the space.  With a menu so overwhelmingly large, it's a good thing the the staff is friendly and helpful and can help you navigate the sea of sweet that comprises their offerings. In addition to chocolate and sweets, they also have a selection of savory menu items, such as crepes and paninis. I ordered the breakfast crepe with spinach, feta, and egg. The spinach they used was fresh baby spinach and I was surprise to see the egg did not come inside my crepe but in the format of two perfect sunny side up eggs next to my crepe. As it turned out, I loved it that way! I got to dip my crepe into the runny egg yokes as one would points of toast. My only complaint was that Cacao 70 does not offer be channel sauce with their crepes, and so, the crepe was a bit dry.All in all, a great place to go as long as you don't mind leaving with a bit of a sweets induced tummy ache!
Perfect place for a date. After a meal, I was looking for a place to have fruits. Had a craving for fruits on that day. hahaShe suggested me Cacao70. We ordered a chocolate fondue for 2 :DI asked for extra fruits. Banana, strawberry, apple tastes good with chocolate.It was fun to deep fruits into chocolate. She was all excited about it. The waffle drives her crazy hahaStaff was very kind. Water cup was always filled up.The atmosphere was great. Great experience. I'm not a crazy fan about chocolate, but the extra fruits was really nice.Strongly recommend for date place. Excite her with damn chocolate haha
This place is utterly amazing, I traveled to Montreal for spring break (I know crazy right?), but it was absolutely wonderful! My best friend and I would go here every morning to order the illegal waffles, black and white waffles, the fondue, the best lazy breakfast ever and of course the Costa Rica 30+ chocolate drink. I wish there was something like this in the states. :(
Wanna get stuffed with chocolate (and/or sugar in general)? This is the place! Just upon entering the sweet chocolate scent hits you in the face. Come early in the afternoon or morning, since it can get pretty busy in the evenings (the place is rather small and craving a sugar hit, you won't want to wait).The menu is long, actually a bit too long if you ask me. It's very difficult to decide, unless you wanna come every day and try something different. Well, that was not the case here since we were in town only for a little while. If you are a party of at least two or three people, it's worth ordering an assortment of several things - Sweet Chocolate Experience or Sharing for Two or More, that way you get to try more and share instead of getting too stuffed by yourself.We ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake (kinda resembles Tiramisu), something we should have shared, cause it's too much for one person - too much chocolate in one go (if there is such a thing, you'll say... and there is!). Black and White Waffle - a huge portion of waffles, chocolate, ice cream and whipped cream (also a lot for one person), Hot Chocolate and a Strawberry White Chocolate Shake (a small one). A lot (too much) for one evening if you ask me. Everything was tasty, but tolling on our stomachs.Next evening we tried Strawberry and Cheesecake Crepe (the best decision I've made here), Tuna Sandwich with a side salad, Chicken Sandwich without sides and a Brazilian Coffee. Sandwiches were nothing special - too much bread and too little contents (in the end it's a chocolate place, not a sandwich place, sometimes I forget about these things). The crepe was a proper one and I would have ordered it again if ever in town. All in all a good dessert place, but try to hold yourself back a bit when ordering. Even if you're super hungry, you might get stuffed all too fast, so rather share and order twice, if needed. :)Staff is super helpful and they speak English - also the menu comes in English as well.
Food: Can't help it, love this place even though I don't like sweets that much! but the fondue is to die for! so good!!
This place is part of my top 5 places to go in Montreal! (Visit my page to read my other top 5 reviews!)Absolutely amazing! I always recommend this place to all my friends who visit Montreal. This little restaurant is an absolute gem. The place is very well decorated and very unique. Definitely in my top 5 places to visit if you ever pass by this beautiful city. I always get the "sweet chocolate experience for two." This place is the perfect place to go on a romantic date or have a great time with friends. What is more hilarious than laughing at each other with chocolate stuck on everyone's teeth? :)I would also recommend the crepes as they are really tasty as well! To be honest, anything on this menu is good. Highly recommended and a solid 5 stars! Well worth it I promise you!
Thank you for the wonderful chocolatey experience Cacao 70! This cozy cafe reminded me of Max Brenners in NYC. Looked like there was a mix of tourists and natives dining here. I'd definitely come back again and again as a treat for myself x) We ordered: - Chocolate, marshmallow pizza (came with strawberries and bananas which can be dipped in a small dish of melted chocolate) the bread was slightly sweet and combined well with the chocolate spread and the lightly toasted marshmallows. - American style hot cocoa (you can get this either with milk chocolate/ medium or dark chocolate) I got it with dark chocolate. Though delicious I couldn't finish it :P - raspberry parfait ice cream cup (loved the brownie bites in this one!)
It seems that the folks here in Montreal love their chocolate. We were overwhelmed with the choices on the "sweets" menu, but finally decided that you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue. The "single" Flaming Turtle  was plenty for the two of us and  included banana, strawberry,  pineapple,  waffles and brownie bites. The chocolate was a perfect consistency and the right amount for the items to dip. You could taste the mixed in rum sauce at the back of your throat....in a good way. We also ordered a spicy hot chocolate with curry and pepper. I would have liked it to be spicier and a bit hotter in temperature, but it was still delicious.   Other sections of the menu feature milkshakes, sundaes, chocolate for the purist, s'more's, crepes and waffles and on and on and on. It was slamming here on a Sunday night, but servers were friendly and unflustered. Seems like it would be a good choice for date night!
What a little piece of French Canadian Crepe heaven!  It's a great little brunch and dessert spot located near McGill that seems to be a favorite amongst college students.  On a Sunday morning around 10 AM we were seated without a wait. Fickle as ever we opted for the 70 salad, the Italian sausage frittata and the illegal chocolate waffle. The salad is a mixed green salad with feta and tomatoes topped off with a poppyseed dressing. It was quite good though I wished I had ordered the dressing on the side.The frittata was hot, came in a cast iron skillet. It was savory and filling. I was barely able to put a dent into it. The crown jewel of the meal was the illegal waffle. I will admit I like my waffle crispier than that but besides that it was a piece of heaven. The bananas were transformed into a "banana brûlée" with caramelized sugar. The order of operations was to then dip the banana or waffle in a chocolate sauce or whipped topping then top it off with these mini whopper balls. Unbelievable!They also have a dessert menu. No doubt we'll be back in the future. By the time we left it got quite busy so clearly this is no well kept secret.
It opens at 10AM, and there was already a line up! This place is super cute with a wide selection of chocolate as well. I think I ate way too much chocolate during this trip! We ordered a pretty big brunch, the bananas, strawberries and pineapples comes with it as a little treat! How nice! oh and don't forget about the melted chocolate dip!And brunch is served! That was such a nice little treat from the restaurant! I didn't expect that.My husband got the chicken egg sandwich. I got the egg, bacon, beans, bread, potatoes and sausages! They come in big big big portions!!! So make sure you go hungry!!I love the atmosphere of this place. Super cute! I would love to come back here for dessert!
Cuteness overload. The front is a chocolate shop and the back is a restaurant good for brunch. The smell of chocolate wafts through the air leaving you hungry for sweets. Got the nutella and strawberry/banana crepe- portion was huge. It was exactly what I expected and wanted. My bf got the orange grand marnier crepe, which was good, but drenched in too much sugar. It was too heavy and I think I would have gotten sick from eating the entire thing (good thing he's a piggy and ate it all). The way they make the food here was like artwork. We sat by the open kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully drizzle chocolate on each crepe and decorate each dish to perfection. I think it was a fun experience to try it out, however, balancing a sweet dish with a salty one would have been smart.
Wow. everyone that visits montreal needs to stop by this place. Chocolate HEAVEN!!!! they have absolutely everything everything cocolicious you can imagine. I am not sure if this is a chain but i know that they have at least 2 locations in montreal.I came in on a week day for lunch after getting recommendations from a friend of mine and also reading about it on food blogs. I must say it does not disappoint! I went for the nutty waffle which consist of nuts with vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream, chocolate, nutty drizzles (i think hazelnut), bananas and strawberries. You can substitute your waffles for a crunchier type call cacao 70 for about 2 CAD more i think. I went with that and boy i devour that whole thing down in just a few. So goood!!! it' a bit sweet and quite a big portion for one to finish so i would suggest going with a friend if you can unless you are like me who is traveling on her own. so foodies if you are into nuts and chocolate i highly recommend this one! i was debating between this an the one on the special section "feel like chocolate" or the marshmallow and chocolate pizza. But both of the other ones seems a bit overwhelming for one so i went with this instead. Service was fast and pleasant. I would def come back again when I am in town next time around!
Came here to try out a crepe and ended up having their chocolate stout. Really good food. It was light and perfect.
First time at cocoa 70, it's amazing...I had the brownie volcano with vanilla ice cream and it was out of this world...loved everything about it...the brownie was moist and rich and the ice cream so creamy. I also had cappuccino, loved it!!!
This place was a great alternative to my normal Montreal chocolate-centric restaurant which is Juliette et Chocolat. I honestly over did it on the chocolate here but every bit of it was worth it.My meal consisted of a waffle (very sweet, though i wish it wasn't candyish flavored) topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate fudge drizzle and white chocolate drizzle.  This included a side of warm milk and white chocolate to dip my ice cream of waffle in, if the drizzle was not enough, with an additional few grams of  milk chocolate ball toppings (I'm sure that there's some much more eloquent name for them).  The meal was very rich to say the least.  I OD'd on sugar and chocolate.  I only wish that the waffle wasn't ridiculously sweet and that one of the female waitresses wasn't  so non-attentive and nonchalant.  Overall good experience for a busy late evening snack though.
I was visiting Montreal from New Brunswick and had heard great things about this place. My boyfriend and I wanted something sweet after dinner, so we decided to give it a try. When we entered, we were seated immediately despite seeing a full restaurant. Service was friendly and fast (though it took us a while to figure out what we were going to get!) Once we figured it out,  (we got the "Feel like chocolate" plate to share) we certainly had no regrets! The only regret is that we didn't  have more time to taste all the delicious chocolate dishes! We also got boozy milkshakes (the Brazilian, I believe) and it was amazing. Such a great experience and very delicious treats! Will definitely be back again next time I am in the city.
Do you want Chocolate everything?And I do mean almost everything.It's like someone decided to single handedly support the chocolate market by opening this store so that Canadian chocolate lovers could get their fix.And this place is their dealer.Decent chocolate at average to above average prices.Crepes and waffles seem to be the popular thing here, but you know me, I'm all about the hot chocolate.After walking in the snow, who wouldn't want hot chocolate?Now all I need is a toboggan and a backpack for my adventure through Montreal.
The interior of the cafe was clean and organised, with lots of space in between tables so you can surely get some private time while dining there. Got the lazy breakfast and it was served with a mini fruit platter that came with melted chocolate on the side which was simply a treat. Coffee was pretty decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an exceptional brunch!
Not a huge chocolate sweets fan, but this place knocked it out of the park. Everything on the menu sound amazing and the waffles with chocolate and ice cream was the best thing I've had in a while. The flavours are perfect not to sweet just right.Advice go with a few people this way you can all share each other's dishes.
I love the decor. The atmosphere of eating chocolate and watching the snow storm outside its huge windows is 5 stars!!!! The service we had that day was very good.Here it is more American menu options than Juliet et Chocolat. Lots of ice cream!!!!So badly craved the Black and White after seeing the pictures and I was NOT disappointed. Super good! Two scoops of ice cream with hardened chocolate drizzle on top, plus crispy chocolate dots for dipping. The waffle was great but thick! I like.Anyways it's 3 stars because they refused to refund my friend's $100 tip (this happened a while ago). Clearly a mistake! How dare they argue? It took 30 minutes to finally have them refund it. I think that's ridiculous.
If you're looking for a diabetic coma to fall in to, you have come to the right place! The smell of chocolate permeates the air of this crowded cafe. They somehow have managed to cram a large number of tables into their square footage while maintaining the navigability of the space.  With a menu so overwhelmingly large, it's a good thing the the staff is friendly and helpful and can help you navigate the sea of sweet that comprises their offerings. In addition to chocolate and sweets, they also have a selection of savory menu items, such as crepes and paninis. I ordered the breakfast crepe with spinach, feta, and egg. The spinach they used was fresh baby spinach and I was surprise to see the egg did not come inside my crepe but in the format of two perfect sunny side up eggs next to my crepe. As it turned out, I loved it that way! I got to dip my crepe into the runny egg yokes as one would points of toast. My only complaint was that Cacao 70 does not offer be channel sauce with their crepes, and so, the crepe was a bit dry.All in all, a great place to go as long as you don't mind leaving with a bit of a sweets induced tummy ache!
Perfect place for a date. After a meal, I was looking for a place to have fruits. Had a craving for fruits on that day. hahaShe suggested me Cacao70. We ordered a chocolate fondue for 2 :DI asked for extra fruits. Banana, strawberry, apple tastes good with chocolate.It was fun to deep fruits into chocolate. She was all excited about it. The waffle drives her crazy hahaStaff was very kind. Water cup was always filled up.The atmosphere was great. Great experience. I'm not a crazy fan about chocolate, but the extra fruits was really nice.Strongly recommend for date place. Excite her with damn chocolate haha
This place is utterly amazing, I traveled to Montreal for spring break (I know crazy right?), but it was absolutely wonderful! My best friend and I would go here every morning to order the illegal waffles, black and white waffles, the fondue, the best lazy breakfast ever and of course the Costa Rica 30+ chocolate drink. I wish there was something like this in the states. :(
Wanna get stuffed with chocolate (and/or sugar in general)? This is the place! Just upon entering the sweet chocolate scent hits you in the face. Come early in the afternoon or morning, since it can get pretty busy in the evenings (the place is rather small and craving a sugar hit, you won't want to wait).The menu is long, actually a bit too long if you ask me. It's very difficult to decide, unless you wanna come every day and try something different. Well, that was not the case here since we were in town only for a little while. If you are a party of at least two or three people, it's worth ordering an assortment of several things - Sweet Chocolate Experience or Sharing for Two or More, that way you get to try more and share instead of getting too stuffed by yourself.We ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake (kinda resembles Tiramisu), something we should have shared, cause it's too much for one person - too much chocolate in one go (if there is such a thing, you'll say... and there is!). Black and White Waffle - a huge portion of waffles, chocolate, ice cream and whipped cream (also a lot for one person), Hot Chocolate and a Strawberry White Chocolate Shake (a small one). A lot (too much) for one evening if you ask me. Everything was tasty, but tolling on our stomachs.Next evening we tried Strawberry and Cheesecake Crepe (the best decision I've made here), Tuna Sandwich with a side salad, Chicken Sandwich without sides and a Brazilian Coffee. Sandwiches were nothing special - too much bread and too little contents (in the end it's a chocolate place, not a sandwich place, sometimes I forget about these things). The crepe was a proper one and I would have ordered it again if ever in town. All in all a good dessert place, but try to hold yourself back a bit when ordering. Even if you're super hungry, you might get stuffed all too fast, so rather share and order twice, if needed. :)Staff is super helpful and they speak English - also the menu comes in English as well.
Food: Can't help it, love this place even though I don't like sweets that much! but the fondue is to die for! so good!!
This place is part of my top 5 places to go in Montreal! (Visit my page to read my other top 5 reviews!)Absolutely amazing! I always recommend this place to all my friends who visit Montreal. This little restaurant is an absolute gem. The place is very well decorated and very unique. Definitely in my top 5 places to visit if you ever pass by this beautiful city. I always get the "sweet chocolate experience for two." This place is the perfect place to go on a romantic date or have a great time with friends. What is more hilarious than laughing at each other with chocolate stuck on everyone's teeth? :)I would also recommend the crepes as they are really tasty as well! To be honest, anything on this menu is good. Highly recommended and a solid 5 stars! Well worth it I promise you!
Thank you for the wonderful chocolatey experience Cacao 70! This cozy cafe reminded me of Max Brenners in NYC. Looked like there was a mix of tourists and natives dining here. I'd definitely come back again and again as a treat for myself x) We ordered: - Chocolate, marshmallow pizza (came with strawberries and bananas which can be dipped in a small dish of melted chocolate) the bread was slightly sweet and combined well with the chocolate spread and the lightly toasted marshmallows. - American style hot cocoa (you can get this either with milk chocolate/ medium or dark chocolate) I got it with dark chocolate. Though delicious I couldn't finish it :P - raspberry parfait ice cream cup (loved the brownie bites in this one!)
It seems that the folks here in Montreal love their chocolate. We were overwhelmed with the choices on the "sweets" menu, but finally decided that you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue. The "single" Flaming Turtle  was plenty for the two of us and  included banana, strawberry,  pineapple,  waffles and brownie bites. The chocolate was a perfect consistency and the right amount for the items to dip. You could taste the mixed in rum sauce at the back of your throat....in a good way. We also ordered a spicy hot chocolate with curry and pepper. I would have liked it to be spicier and a bit hotter in temperature, but it was still delicious.   Other sections of the menu feature milkshakes, sundaes, chocolate for the purist, s'more's, crepes and waffles and on and on and on. It was slamming here on a Sunday night, but servers were friendly and unflustered. Seems like it would be a good choice for date night!
What a little piece of French Canadian Crepe heaven!  It's a great little brunch and dessert spot located near McGill that seems to be a favorite amongst college students.  On a Sunday morning around 10 AM we were seated without a wait. Fickle as ever we opted for the 70 salad, the Italian sausage frittata and the illegal chocolate waffle. The salad is a mixed green salad with feta and tomatoes topped off with a poppyseed dressing. It was quite good though I wished I had ordered the dressing on the side.The frittata was hot, came in a cast iron skillet. It was savory and filling. I was barely able to put a dent into it. The crown jewel of the meal was the illegal waffle. I will admit I like my waffle crispier than that but besides that it was a piece of heaven. The bananas were transformed into a "banana brûlée" with caramelized sugar. The order of operations was to then dip the banana or waffle in a chocolate sauce or whipped topping then top it off with these mini whopper balls. Unbelievable!They also have a dessert menu. No doubt we'll be back in the future. By the time we left it got quite busy so clearly this is no well kept secret.
It opens at 10AM, and there was already a line up! This place is super cute with a wide selection of chocolate as well. I think I ate way too much chocolate during this trip! We ordered a pretty big brunch, the bananas, strawberries and pineapples comes with it as a little treat! How nice! oh and don't forget about the melted chocolate dip!And brunch is served! That was such a nice little treat from the restaurant! I didn't expect that.My husband got the chicken egg sandwich. I got the egg, bacon, beans, bread, potatoes and sausages! They come in big big big portions!!! So make sure you go hungry!!I love the atmosphere of this place. Super cute! I would love to come back here for dessert!
Cuteness overload. The front is a chocolate shop and the back is a restaurant good for brunch. The smell of chocolate wafts through the air leaving you hungry for sweets. Got the nutella and strawberry/banana crepe- portion was huge. It was exactly what I expected and wanted. My bf got the orange grand marnier crepe, which was good, but drenched in too much sugar. It was too heavy and I think I would have gotten sick from eating the entire thing (good thing he's a piggy and ate it all). The way they make the food here was like artwork. We sat by the open kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully drizzle chocolate on each crepe and decorate each dish to perfection. I think it was a fun experience to try it out, however, balancing a sweet dish with a salty one would have been smart.
Wow. everyone that visits montreal needs to stop by this place. Chocolate HEAVEN!!!! they have absolutely everything everything cocolicious you can imagine. I am not sure if this is a chain but i know that they have at least 2 locations in montreal.I came in on a week day for lunch after getting recommendations from a friend of mine and also reading about it on food blogs. I must say it does not disappoint! I went for the nutty waffle which consist of nuts with vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream, chocolate, nutty drizzles (i think hazelnut), bananas and strawberries. You can substitute your waffles for a crunchier type call cacao 70 for about 2 CAD more i think. I went with that and boy i devour that whole thing down in just a few. So goood!!! it' a bit sweet and quite a big portion for one to finish so i would suggest going with a friend if you can unless you are like me who is traveling on her own. so foodies if you are into nuts and chocolate i highly recommend this one! i was debating between this an the one on the special section "feel like chocolate" or the marshmallow and chocolate pizza. But both of the other ones seems a bit overwhelming for one so i went with this instead. Service was fast and pleasant. I would def come back again when I am in town next time around!
Came here to try out a crepe and ended up having their chocolate stout. Really good food. It was light and perfect.
First time at cocoa 70, it's amazing...I had the brownie volcano with vanilla ice cream and it was out of this world...loved everything about it...the brownie was moist and rich and the ice cream so creamy. I also had cappuccino, loved it!!!
This place was a great alternative to my normal Montreal chocolate-centric restaurant which is Juliette et Chocolat. I honestly over did it on the chocolate here but every bit of it was worth it.My meal consisted of a waffle (very sweet, though i wish it wasn't candyish flavored) topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate fudge drizzle and white chocolate drizzle.  This included a side of warm milk and white chocolate to dip my ice cream of waffle in, if the drizzle was not enough, with an additional few grams of  milk chocolate ball toppings (I'm sure that there's some much more eloquent name for them).  The meal was very rich to say the least.  I OD'd on sugar and chocolate.  I only wish that the waffle wasn't ridiculously sweet and that one of the female waitresses wasn't  so non-attentive and nonchalant.  Overall good experience for a busy late evening snack though.
I was visiting Montreal from New Brunswick and had heard great things about this place. My boyfriend and I wanted something sweet after dinner, so we decided to give it a try. When we entered, we were seated immediately despite seeing a full restaurant. Service was friendly and fast (though it took us a while to figure out what we were going to get!) Once we figured it out,  (we got the "Feel like chocolate" plate to share) we certainly had no regrets! The only regret is that we didn't  have more time to taste all the delicious chocolate dishes! We also got boozy milkshakes (the Brazilian, I believe) and it was amazing. Such a great experience and very delicious treats! Will definitely be back again next time I am in the city.
Do you want Chocolate everything?And I do mean almost everything.It's like someone decided to single handedly support the chocolate market by opening this store so that Canadian chocolate lovers could get their fix.And this place is their dealer.Decent chocolate at average to above average prices.Crepes and waffles seem to be the popular thing here, but you know me, I'm all about the hot chocolate.After walking in the snow, who wouldn't want hot chocolate?Now all I need is a toboggan and a backpack for my adventure through Montreal.
The interior of the cafe was clean and organised, with lots of space in between tables so you can surely get some private time while dining there. Got the lazy breakfast and it was served with a mini fruit platter that came with melted chocolate on the side which was simply a treat. Coffee was pretty decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an exceptional brunch!
Not a huge chocolate sweets fan, but this place knocked it out of the park. Everything on the menu sound amazing and the waffles with chocolate and ice cream was the best thing I've had in a while. The flavours are perfect not to sweet just right.Advice go with a few people this way you can all share each other's dishes.
I love the decor. The atmosphere of eating chocolate and watching the snow storm outside its huge windows is 5 stars!!!! The service we had that day was very good.Here it is more American menu options than Juliet et Chocolat. Lots of ice cream!!!!So badly craved the Black and White after seeing the pictures and I was NOT disappointed. Super good! Two scoops of ice cream with hardened chocolate drizzle on top, plus crispy chocolate dots for dipping. The waffle was great but thick! I like.Anyways it's 3 stars because they refused to refund my friend's $100 tip (this happened a while ago). Clearly a mistake! How dare they argue? It took 30 minutes to finally have them refund it. I think that's ridiculous.
If you're looking for a diabetic coma to fall in to, you have come to the right place! The smell of chocolate permeates the air of this crowded cafe. They somehow have managed to cram a large number of tables into their square footage while maintaining the navigability of the space.  With a menu so overwhelmingly large, it's a good thing the the staff is friendly and helpful and can help you navigate the sea of sweet that comprises their offerings. In addition to chocolate and sweets, they also have a selection of savory menu items, such as crepes and paninis. I ordered the breakfast crepe with spinach, feta, and egg. The spinach they used was fresh baby spinach and I was surprise to see the egg did not come inside my crepe but in the format of two perfect sunny side up eggs next to my crepe. As it turned out, I loved it that way! I got to dip my crepe into the runny egg yokes as one would points of toast. My only complaint was that Cacao 70 does not offer be channel sauce with their crepes, and so, the crepe was a bit dry.All in all, a great place to go as long as you don't mind leaving with a bit of a sweets induced tummy ache!
Perfect place for a date. After a meal, I was looking for a place to have fruits. Had a craving for fruits on that day. hahaShe suggested me Cacao70. We ordered a chocolate fondue for 2 :DI asked for extra fruits. Banana, strawberry, apple tastes good with chocolate.It was fun to deep fruits into chocolate. She was all excited about it. The waffle drives her crazy hahaStaff was very kind. Water cup was always filled up.The atmosphere was great. Great experience. I'm not a crazy fan about chocolate, but the extra fruits was really nice.Strongly recommend for date place. Excite her with damn chocolate haha
This place is utterly amazing, I traveled to Montreal for spring break (I know crazy right?), but it was absolutely wonderful! My best friend and I would go here every morning to order the illegal waffles, black and white waffles, the fondue, the best lazy breakfast ever and of course the Costa Rica 30+ chocolate drink. I wish there was something like this in the states. :(
Wanna get stuffed with chocolate (and/or sugar in general)? This is the place! Just upon entering the sweet chocolate scent hits you in the face. Come early in the afternoon or morning, since it can get pretty busy in the evenings (the place is rather small and craving a sugar hit, you won't want to wait).The menu is long, actually a bit too long if you ask me. It's very difficult to decide, unless you wanna come every day and try something different. Well, that was not the case here since we were in town only for a little while. If you are a party of at least two or three people, it's worth ordering an assortment of several things - Sweet Chocolate Experience or Sharing for Two or More, that way you get to try more and share instead of getting too stuffed by yourself.We ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake (kinda resembles Tiramisu), something we should have shared, cause it's too much for one person - too much chocolate in one go (if there is such a thing, you'll say... and there is!). Black and White Waffle - a huge portion of waffles, chocolate, ice cream and whipped cream (also a lot for one person), Hot Chocolate and a Strawberry White Chocolate Shake (a small one). A lot (too much) for one evening if you ask me. Everything was tasty, but tolling on our stomachs.Next evening we tried Strawberry and Cheesecake Crepe (the best decision I've made here), Tuna Sandwich with a side salad, Chicken Sandwich without sides and a Brazilian Coffee. Sandwiches were nothing special - too much bread and too little contents (in the end it's a chocolate place, not a sandwich place, sometimes I forget about these things). The crepe was a proper one and I would have ordered it again if ever in town. All in all a good dessert place, but try to hold yourself back a bit when ordering. Even if you're super hungry, you might get stuffed all too fast, so rather share and order twice, if needed. :)Staff is super helpful and they speak English - also the menu comes in English as well.
Food: Can't help it, love this place even though I don't like sweets that much! but the fondue is to die for! so good!!
This place is part of my top 5 places to go in Montreal! (Visit my page to read my other top 5 reviews!)Absolutely amazing! I always recommend this place to all my friends who visit Montreal. This little restaurant is an absolute gem. The place is very well decorated and very unique. Definitely in my top 5 places to visit if you ever pass by this beautiful city. I always get the "sweet chocolate experience for two." This place is the perfect place to go on a romantic date or have a great time with friends. What is more hilarious than laughing at each other with chocolate stuck on everyone's teeth? :)I would also recommend the crepes as they are really tasty as well! To be honest, anything on this menu is good. Highly recommended and a solid 5 stars! Well worth it I promise you!
Thank you for the wonderful chocolatey experience Cacao 70! This cozy cafe reminded me of Max Brenners in NYC. Looked like there was a mix of tourists and natives dining here. I'd definitely come back again and again as a treat for myself x) We ordered: - Chocolate, marshmallow pizza (came with strawberries and bananas which can be dipped in a small dish of melted chocolate) the bread was slightly sweet and combined well with the chocolate spread and the lightly toasted marshmallows. - American style hot cocoa (you can get this either with milk chocolate/ medium or dark chocolate) I got it with dark chocolate. Though delicious I couldn't finish it :P - raspberry parfait ice cream cup (loved the brownie bites in this one!)
It seems that the folks here in Montreal love their chocolate. We were overwhelmed with the choices on the "sweets" menu, but finally decided that you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue. The "single" Flaming Turtle  was plenty for the two of us and  included banana, strawberry,  pineapple,  waffles and brownie bites. The chocolate was a perfect consistency and the right amount for the items to dip. You could taste the mixed in rum sauce at the back of your throat....in a good way. We also ordered a spicy hot chocolate with curry and pepper. I would have liked it to be spicier and a bit hotter in temperature, but it was still delicious.   Other sections of the menu feature milkshakes, sundaes, chocolate for the purist, s'more's, crepes and waffles and on and on and on. It was slamming here on a Sunday night, but servers were friendly and unflustered. Seems like it would be a good choice for date night!
What a little piece of French Canadian Crepe heaven!  It's a great little brunch and dessert spot located near McGill that seems to be a favorite amongst college students.  On a Sunday morning around 10 AM we were seated without a wait. Fickle as ever we opted for the 70 salad, the Italian sausage frittata and the illegal chocolate waffle. The salad is a mixed green salad with feta and tomatoes topped off with a poppyseed dressing. It was quite good though I wished I had ordered the dressing on the side.The frittata was hot, came in a cast iron skillet. It was savory and filling. I was barely able to put a dent into it. The crown jewel of the meal was the illegal waffle. I will admit I like my waffle crispier than that but besides that it was a piece of heaven. The bananas were transformed into a "banana brûlée" with caramelized sugar. The order of operations was to then dip the banana or waffle in a chocolate sauce or whipped topping then top it off with these mini whopper balls. Unbelievable!They also have a dessert menu. No doubt we'll be back in the future. By the time we left it got quite busy so clearly this is no well kept secret.
It opens at 10AM, and there was already a line up! This place is super cute with a wide selection of chocolate as well. I think I ate way too much chocolate during this trip! We ordered a pretty big brunch, the bananas, strawberries and pineapples comes with it as a little treat! How nice! oh and don't forget about the melted chocolate dip!And brunch is served! That was such a nice little treat from the restaurant! I didn't expect that.My husband got the chicken egg sandwich. I got the egg, bacon, beans, bread, potatoes and sausages! They come in big big big portions!!! So make sure you go hungry!!I love the atmosphere of this place. Super cute! I would love to come back here for dessert!
Cuteness overload. The front is a chocolate shop and the back is a restaurant good for brunch. The smell of chocolate wafts through the air leaving you hungry for sweets. Got the nutella and strawberry/banana crepe- portion was huge. It was exactly what I expected and wanted. My bf got the orange grand marnier crepe, which was good, but drenched in too much sugar. It was too heavy and I think I would have gotten sick from eating the entire thing (good thing he's a piggy and ate it all). The way they make the food here was like artwork. We sat by the open kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully drizzle chocolate on each crepe and decorate each dish to perfection. I think it was a fun experience to try it out, however, balancing a sweet dish with a salty one would have been smart.
Wow. everyone that visits montreal needs to stop by this place. Chocolate HEAVEN!!!! they have absolutely everything everything cocolicious you can imagine. I am not sure if this is a chain but i know that they have at least 2 locations in montreal.I came in on a week day for lunch after getting recommendations from a friend of mine and also reading about it on food blogs. I must say it does not disappoint! I went for the nutty waffle which consist of nuts with vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream, chocolate, nutty drizzles (i think hazelnut), bananas and strawberries. You can substitute your waffles for a crunchier type call cacao 70 for about 2 CAD more i think. I went with that and boy i devour that whole thing down in just a few. So goood!!! it' a bit sweet and quite a big portion for one to finish so i would suggest going with a friend if you can unless you are like me who is traveling on her own. so foodies if you are into nuts and chocolate i highly recommend this one! i was debating between this an the one on the special section "feel like chocolate" or the marshmallow and chocolate pizza. But both of the other ones seems a bit overwhelming for one so i went with this instead. Service was fast and pleasant. I would def come back again when I am in town next time around!
Came here to try out a crepe and ended up having their chocolate stout. Really good food. It was light and perfect.
First time at cocoa 70, it's amazing...I had the brownie volcano with vanilla ice cream and it was out of this world...loved everything about it...the brownie was moist and rich and the ice cream so creamy. I also had cappuccino, loved it!!!
This place was a great alternative to my normal Montreal chocolate-centric restaurant which is Juliette et Chocolat. I honestly over did it on the chocolate here but every bit of it was worth it.My meal consisted of a waffle (very sweet, though i wish it wasn't candyish flavored) topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate fudge drizzle and white chocolate drizzle.  This included a side of warm milk and white chocolate to dip my ice cream of waffle in, if the drizzle was not enough, with an additional few grams of  milk chocolate ball toppings (I'm sure that there's some much more eloquent name for them).  The meal was very rich to say the least.  I OD'd on sugar and chocolate.  I only wish that the waffle wasn't ridiculously sweet and that one of the female waitresses wasn't  so non-attentive and nonchalant.  Overall good experience for a busy late evening snack though.
I was visiting Montreal from New Brunswick and had heard great things about this place. My boyfriend and I wanted something sweet after dinner, so we decided to give it a try. When we entered, we were seated immediately despite seeing a full restaurant. Service was friendly and fast (though it took us a while to figure out what we were going to get!) Once we figured it out,  (we got the "Feel like chocolate" plate to share) we certainly had no regrets! The only regret is that we didn't  have more time to taste all the delicious chocolate dishes! We also got boozy milkshakes (the Brazilian, I believe) and it was amazing. Such a great experience and very delicious treats! Will definitely be back again next time I am in the city.
Do you want Chocolate everything?And I do mean almost everything.It's like someone decided to single handedly support the chocolate market by opening this store so that Canadian chocolate lovers could get their fix.And this place is their dealer.Decent chocolate at average to above average prices.Crepes and waffles seem to be the popular thing here, but you know me, I'm all about the hot chocolate.After walking in the snow, who wouldn't want hot chocolate?Now all I need is a toboggan and a backpack for my adventure through Montreal.
The interior of the cafe was clean and organised, with lots of space in between tables so you can surely get some private time while dining there. Got the lazy breakfast and it was served with a mini fruit platter that came with melted chocolate on the side which was simply a treat. Coffee was pretty decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an exceptional brunch!
Not a huge chocolate sweets fan, but this place knocked it out of the park. Everything on the menu sound amazing and the waffles with chocolate and ice cream was the best thing I've had in a while. The flavours are perfect not to sweet just right.Advice go with a few people this way you can all share each other's dishes.
I love the decor. The atmosphere of eating chocolate and watching the snow storm outside its huge windows is 5 stars!!!! The service we had that day was very good.Here it is more American menu options than Juliet et Chocolat. Lots of ice cream!!!!So badly craved the Black and White after seeing the pictures and I was NOT disappointed. Super good! Two scoops of ice cream with hardened chocolate drizzle on top, plus crispy chocolate dots for dipping. The waffle was great but thick! I like.Anyways it's 3 stars because they refused to refund my friend's $100 tip (this happened a while ago). Clearly a mistake! How dare they argue? It took 30 minutes to finally have them refund it. I think that's ridiculous.
If you're looking for a diabetic coma to fall in to, you have come to the right place! The smell of chocolate permeates the air of this crowded cafe. They somehow have managed to cram a large number of tables into their square footage while maintaining the navigability of the space.  With a menu so overwhelmingly large, it's a good thing the the staff is friendly and helpful and can help you navigate the sea of sweet that comprises their offerings. In addition to chocolate and sweets, they also have a selection of savory menu items, such as crepes and paninis. I ordered the breakfast crepe with spinach, feta, and egg. The spinach they used was fresh baby spinach and I was surprise to see the egg did not come inside my crepe but in the format of two perfect sunny side up eggs next to my crepe. As it turned out, I loved it that way! I got to dip my crepe into the runny egg yokes as one would points of toast. My only complaint was that Cacao 70 does not offer be channel sauce with their crepes, and so, the crepe was a bit dry.All in all, a great place to go as long as you don't mind leaving with a bit of a sweets induced tummy ache!
Perfect place for a date. After a meal, I was looking for a place to have fruits. Had a craving for fruits on that day. hahaShe suggested me Cacao70. We ordered a chocolate fondue for 2 :DI asked for extra fruits. Banana, strawberry, apple tastes good with chocolate.It was fun to deep fruits into chocolate. She was all excited about it. The waffle drives her crazy hahaStaff was very kind. Water cup was always filled up.The atmosphere was great. Great experience. I'm not a crazy fan about chocolate, but the extra fruits was really nice.Strongly recommend for date place. Excite her with damn chocolate haha
This place is utterly amazing, I traveled to Montreal for spring break (I know crazy right?), but it was absolutely wonderful! My best friend and I would go here every morning to order the illegal waffles, black and white waffles, the fondue, the best lazy breakfast ever and of course the Costa Rica 30+ chocolate drink. I wish there was something like this in the states. :(
Wanna get stuffed with chocolate (and/or sugar in general)? This is the place! Just upon entering the sweet chocolate scent hits you in the face. Come early in the afternoon or morning, since it can get pretty busy in the evenings (the place is rather small and craving a sugar hit, you won't want to wait).The menu is long, actually a bit too long if you ask me. It's very difficult to decide, unless you wanna come every day and try something different. Well, that was not the case here since we were in town only for a little while. If you are a party of at least two or three people, it's worth ordering an assortment of several things - Sweet Chocolate Experience or Sharing for Two or More, that way you get to try more and share instead of getting too stuffed by yourself.We ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake (kinda resembles Tiramisu), something we should have shared, cause it's too much for one person - too much chocolate in one go (if there is such a thing, you'll say... and there is!). Black and White Waffle - a huge portion of waffles, chocolate, ice cream and whipped cream (also a lot for one person), Hot Chocolate and a Strawberry White Chocolate Shake (a small one). A lot (too much) for one evening if you ask me. Everything was tasty, but tolling on our stomachs.Next evening we tried Strawberry and Cheesecake Crepe (the best decision I've made here), Tuna Sandwich with a side salad, Chicken Sandwich without sides and a Brazilian Coffee. Sandwiches were nothing special - too much bread and too little contents (in the end it's a chocolate place, not a sandwich place, sometimes I forget about these things). The crepe was a proper one and I would have ordered it again if ever in town. All in all a good dessert place, but try to hold yourself back a bit when ordering. Even if you're super hungry, you might get stuffed all too fast, so rather share and order twice, if needed. :)Staff is super helpful and they speak English - also the menu comes in English as well.
Food: Can't help it, love this place even though I don't like sweets that much! but the fondue is to die for! so good!!
This place is part of my top 5 places to go in Montreal! (Visit my page to read my other top 5 reviews!)Absolutely amazing! I always recommend this place to all my friends who visit Montreal. This little restaurant is an absolute gem. The place is very well decorated and very unique. Definitely in my top 5 places to visit if you ever pass by this beautiful city. I always get the "sweet chocolate experience for two." This place is the perfect place to go on a romantic date or have a great time with friends. What is more hilarious than laughing at each other with chocolate stuck on everyone's teeth? :)I would also recommend the crepes as they are really tasty as well! To be honest, anything on this menu is good. Highly recommended and a solid 5 stars! Well worth it I promise you!
Thank you for the wonderful chocolatey experience Cacao 70! This cozy cafe reminded me of Max Brenners in NYC. Looked like there was a mix of tourists and natives dining here. I'd definitely come back again and again as a treat for myself x) We ordered: - Chocolate, marshmallow pizza (came with strawberries and bananas which can be dipped in a small dish of melted chocolate) the bread was slightly sweet and combined well with the chocolate spread and the lightly toasted marshmallows. - American style hot cocoa (you can get this either with milk chocolate/ medium or dark chocolate) I got it with dark chocolate. Though delicious I couldn't finish it :P - raspberry parfait ice cream cup (loved the brownie bites in this one!)
It seems that the folks here in Montreal love their chocolate. We were overwhelmed with the choices on the "sweets" menu, but finally decided that you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue. The "single" Flaming Turtle  was plenty for the two of us and  included banana, strawberry,  pineapple,  waffles and brownie bites. The chocolate was a perfect consistency and the right amount for the items to dip. You could taste the mixed in rum sauce at the back of your throat....in a good way. We also ordered a spicy hot chocolate with curry and pepper. I would have liked it to be spicier and a bit hotter in temperature, but it was still delicious.   Other sections of the menu feature milkshakes, sundaes, chocolate for the purist, s'more's, crepes and waffles and on and on and on. It was slamming here on a Sunday night, but servers were friendly and unflustered. Seems like it would be a good choice for date night!
What a little piece of French Canadian Crepe heaven!  It's a great little brunch and dessert spot located near McGill that seems to be a favorite amongst college students.  On a Sunday morning around 10 AM we were seated without a wait. Fickle as ever we opted for the 70 salad, the Italian sausage frittata and the illegal chocolate waffle. The salad is a mixed green salad with feta and tomatoes topped off with a poppyseed dressing. It was quite good though I wished I had ordered the dressing on the side.The frittata was hot, came in a cast iron skillet. It was savory and filling. I was barely able to put a dent into it. The crown jewel of the meal was the illegal waffle. I will admit I like my waffle crispier than that but besides that it was a piece of heaven. The bananas were transformed into a "banana brûlée" with caramelized sugar. The order of operations was to then dip the banana or waffle in a chocolate sauce or whipped topping then top it off with these mini whopper balls. Unbelievable!They also have a dessert menu. No doubt we'll be back in the future. By the time we left it got quite busy so clearly this is no well kept secret.
It opens at 10AM, and there was already a line up! This place is super cute with a wide selection of chocolate as well. I think I ate way too much chocolate during this trip! We ordered a pretty big brunch, the bananas, strawberries and pineapples comes with it as a little treat! How nice! oh and don't forget about the melted chocolate dip!And brunch is served! That was such a nice little treat from the restaurant! I didn't expect that.My husband got the chicken egg sandwich. I got the egg, bacon, beans, bread, potatoes and sausages! They come in big big big portions!!! So make sure you go hungry!!I love the atmosphere of this place. Super cute! I would love to come back here for dessert!
Cuteness overload. The front is a chocolate shop and the back is a restaurant good for brunch. The smell of chocolate wafts through the air leaving you hungry for sweets. Got the nutella and strawberry/banana crepe- portion was huge. It was exactly what I expected and wanted. My bf got the orange grand marnier crepe, which was good, but drenched in too much sugar. It was too heavy and I think I would have gotten sick from eating the entire thing (good thing he's a piggy and ate it all). The way they make the food here was like artwork. We sat by the open kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully drizzle chocolate on each crepe and decorate each dish to perfection. I think it was a fun experience to try it out, however, balancing a sweet dish with a salty one would have been smart.
Wow. everyone that visits montreal needs to stop by this place. Chocolate HEAVEN!!!! they have absolutely everything everything cocolicious you can imagine. I am not sure if this is a chain but i know that they have at least 2 locations in montreal.I came in on a week day for lunch after getting recommendations from a friend of mine and also reading about it on food blogs. I must say it does not disappoint! I went for the nutty waffle which consist of nuts with vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream, chocolate, nutty drizzles (i think hazelnut), bananas and strawberries. You can substitute your waffles for a crunchier type call cacao 70 for about 2 CAD more i think. I went with that and boy i devour that whole thing down in just a few. So goood!!! it' a bit sweet and quite a big portion for one to finish so i would suggest going with a friend if you can unless you are like me who is traveling on her own. so foodies if you are into nuts and chocolate i highly recommend this one! i was debating between this an the one on the special section "feel like chocolate" or the marshmallow and chocolate pizza. But both of the other ones seems a bit overwhelming for one so i went with this instead. Service was fast and pleasant. I would def come back again when I am in town next time around!
Came here to try out a crepe and ended up having their chocolate stout. Really good food. It was light and perfect.
First time at cocoa 70, it's amazing...I had the brownie volcano with vanilla ice cream and it was out of this world...loved everything about it...the brownie was moist and rich and the ice cream so creamy. I also had cappuccino, loved it!!!
This place was a great alternative to my normal Montreal chocolate-centric restaurant which is Juliette et Chocolat. I honestly over did it on the chocolate here but every bit of it was worth it.My meal consisted of a waffle (very sweet, though i wish it wasn't candyish flavored) topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate fudge drizzle and white chocolate drizzle.  This included a side of warm milk and white chocolate to dip my ice cream of waffle in, if the drizzle was not enough, with an additional few grams of  milk chocolate ball toppings (I'm sure that there's some much more eloquent name for them).  The meal was very rich to say the least.  I OD'd on sugar and chocolate.  I only wish that the waffle wasn't ridiculously sweet and that one of the female waitresses wasn't  so non-attentive and nonchalant.  Overall good experience for a busy late evening snack though.
I was visiting Montreal from New Brunswick and had heard great things about this place. My boyfriend and I wanted something sweet after dinner, so we decided to give it a try. When we entered, we were seated immediately despite seeing a full restaurant. Service was friendly and fast (though it took us a while to figure out what we were going to get!) Once we figured it out,  (we got the "Feel like chocolate" plate to share) we certainly had no regrets! The only regret is that we didn't  have more time to taste all the delicious chocolate dishes! We also got boozy milkshakes (the Brazilian, I believe) and it was amazing. Such a great experience and very delicious treats! Will definitely be back again next time I am in the city.
Do you want Chocolate everything?And I do mean almost everything.It's like someone decided to single handedly support the chocolate market by opening this store so that Canadian chocolate lovers could get their fix.And this place is their dealer.Decent chocolate at average to above average prices.Crepes and waffles seem to be the popular thing here, but you know me, I'm all about the hot chocolate.After walking in the snow, who wouldn't want hot chocolate?Now all I need is a toboggan and a backpack for my adventure through Montreal.
The interior of the cafe was clean and organised, with lots of space in between tables so you can surely get some private time while dining there. Got the lazy breakfast and it was served with a mini fruit platter that came with melted chocolate on the side which was simply a treat. Coffee was pretty decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an exceptional brunch!
Not a huge chocolate sweets fan, but this place knocked it out of the park. Everything on the menu sound amazing and the waffles with chocolate and ice cream was the best thing I've had in a while. The flavours are perfect not to sweet just right.Advice go with a few people this way you can all share each other's dishes.
I love the decor. The atmosphere of eating chocolate and watching the snow storm outside its huge windows is 5 stars!!!! The service we had that day was very good.Here it is more American menu options than Juliet et Chocolat. Lots of ice cream!!!!So badly craved the Black and White after seeing the pictures and I was NOT disappointed. Super good! Two scoops of ice cream with hardened chocolate drizzle on top, plus crispy chocolate dots for dipping. The waffle was great but thick! I like.Anyways it's 3 stars because they refused to refund my friend's $100 tip (this happened a while ago). Clearly a mistake! How dare they argue? It took 30 minutes to finally have them refund it. I think that's ridiculous.
If you're looking for a diabetic coma to fall in to, you have come to the right place! The smell of chocolate permeates the air of this crowded cafe. They somehow have managed to cram a large number of tables into their square footage while maintaining the navigability of the space.  With a menu so overwhelmingly large, it's a good thing the the staff is friendly and helpful and can help you navigate the sea of sweet that comprises their offerings. In addition to chocolate and sweets, they also have a selection of savory menu items, such as crepes and paninis. I ordered the breakfast crepe with spinach, feta, and egg. The spinach they used was fresh baby spinach and I was surprise to see the egg did not come inside my crepe but in the format of two perfect sunny side up eggs next to my crepe. As it turned out, I loved it that way! I got to dip my crepe into the runny egg yokes as one would points of toast. My only complaint was that Cacao 70 does not offer be channel sauce with their crepes, and so, the crepe was a bit dry.All in all, a great place to go as long as you don't mind leaving with a bit of a sweets induced tummy ache!
Perfect place for a date. After a meal, I was looking for a place to have fruits. Had a craving for fruits on that day. hahaShe suggested me Cacao70. We ordered a chocolate fondue for 2 :DI asked for extra fruits. Banana, strawberry, apple tastes good with chocolate.It was fun to deep fruits into chocolate. She was all excited about it. The waffle drives her crazy hahaStaff was very kind. Water cup was always filled up.The atmosphere was great. Great experience. I'm not a crazy fan about chocolate, but the extra fruits was really nice.Strongly recommend for date place. Excite her with damn chocolate haha
This place is utterly amazing, I traveled to Montreal for spring break (I know crazy right?), but it was absolutely wonderful! My best friend and I would go here every morning to order the illegal waffles, black and white waffles, the fondue, the best lazy breakfast ever and of course the Costa Rica 30+ chocolate drink. I wish there was something like this in the states. :(
Wanna get stuffed with chocolate (and/or sugar in general)? This is the place! Just upon entering the sweet chocolate scent hits you in the face. Come early in the afternoon or morning, since it can get pretty busy in the evenings (the place is rather small and craving a sugar hit, you won't want to wait).The menu is long, actually a bit too long if you ask me. It's very difficult to decide, unless you wanna come every day and try something different. Well, that was not the case here since we were in town only for a little while. If you are a party of at least two or three people, it's worth ordering an assortment of several things - Sweet Chocolate Experience or Sharing for Two or More, that way you get to try more and share instead of getting too stuffed by yourself.We ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake (kinda resembles Tiramisu), something we should have shared, cause it's too much for one person - too much chocolate in one go (if there is such a thing, you'll say... and there is!). Black and White Waffle - a huge portion of waffles, chocolate, ice cream and whipped cream (also a lot for one person), Hot Chocolate and a Strawberry White Chocolate Shake (a small one). A lot (too much) for one evening if you ask me. Everything was tasty, but tolling on our stomachs.Next evening we tried Strawberry and Cheesecake Crepe (the best decision I've made here), Tuna Sandwich with a side salad, Chicken Sandwich without sides and a Brazilian Coffee. Sandwiches were nothing special - too much bread and too little contents (in the end it's a chocolate place, not a sandwich place, sometimes I forget about these things). The crepe was a proper one and I would have ordered it again if ever in town. All in all a good dessert place, but try to hold yourself back a bit when ordering. Even if you're super hungry, you might get stuffed all too fast, so rather share and order twice, if needed. :)Staff is super helpful and they speak English - also the menu comes in English as well.
Food: Can't help it, love this place even though I don't like sweets that much! but the fondue is to die for! so good!!
This place is part of my top 5 places to go in Montreal! (Visit my page to read my other top 5 reviews!)Absolutely amazing! I always recommend this place to all my friends who visit Montreal. This little restaurant is an absolute gem. The place is very well decorated and very unique. Definitely in my top 5 places to visit if you ever pass by this beautiful city. I always get the "sweet chocolate experience for two." This place is the perfect place to go on a romantic date or have a great time with friends. What is more hilarious than laughing at each other with chocolate stuck on everyone's teeth? :)I would also recommend the crepes as they are really tasty as well! To be honest, anything on this menu is good. Highly recommended and a solid 5 stars! Well worth it I promise you!
Thank you for the wonderful chocolatey experience Cacao 70! This cozy cafe reminded me of Max Brenners in NYC. Looked like there was a mix of tourists and natives dining here. I'd definitely come back again and again as a treat for myself x) We ordered: - Chocolate, marshmallow pizza (came with strawberries and bananas which can be dipped in a small dish of melted chocolate) the bread was slightly sweet and combined well with the chocolate spread and the lightly toasted marshmallows. - American style hot cocoa (you can get this either with milk chocolate/ medium or dark chocolate) I got it with dark chocolate. Though delicious I couldn't finish it :P - raspberry parfait ice cream cup (loved the brownie bites in this one!)
It seems that the folks here in Montreal love their chocolate. We were overwhelmed with the choices on the "sweets" menu, but finally decided that you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue. The "single" Flaming Turtle  was plenty for the two of us and  included banana, strawberry,  pineapple,  waffles and brownie bites. The chocolate was a perfect consistency and the right amount for the items to dip. You could taste the mixed in rum sauce at the back of your throat....in a good way. We also ordered a spicy hot chocolate with curry and pepper. I would have liked it to be spicier and a bit hotter in temperature, but it was still delicious.   Other sections of the menu feature milkshakes, sundaes, chocolate for the purist, s'more's, crepes and waffles and on and on and on. It was slamming here on a Sunday night, but servers were friendly and unflustered. Seems like it would be a good choice for date night!
What a little piece of French Canadian Crepe heaven!  It's a great little brunch and dessert spot located near McGill that seems to be a favorite amongst college students.  On a Sunday morning around 10 AM we were seated without a wait. Fickle as ever we opted for the 70 salad, the Italian sausage frittata and the illegal chocolate waffle. The salad is a mixed green salad with feta and tomatoes topped off with a poppyseed dressing. It was quite good though I wished I had ordered the dressing on the side.The frittata was hot, came in a cast iron skillet. It was savory and filling. I was barely able to put a dent into it. The crown jewel of the meal was the illegal waffle. I will admit I like my waffle crispier than that but besides that it was a piece of heaven. The bananas were transformed into a "banana brûlée" with caramelized sugar. The order of operations was to then dip the banana or waffle in a chocolate sauce or whipped topping then top it off with these mini whopper balls. Unbelievable!They also have a dessert menu. No doubt we'll be back in the future. By the time we left it got quite busy so clearly this is no well kept secret.
It opens at 10AM, and there was already a line up! This place is super cute with a wide selection of chocolate as well. I think I ate way too much chocolate during this trip! We ordered a pretty big brunch, the bananas, strawberries and pineapples comes with it as a little treat! How nice! oh and don't forget about the melted chocolate dip!And brunch is served! That was such a nice little treat from the restaurant! I didn't expect that.My husband got the chicken egg sandwich. I got the egg, bacon, beans, bread, potatoes and sausages! They come in big big big portions!!! So make sure you go hungry!!I love the atmosphere of this place. Super cute! I would love to come back here for dessert!
Cuteness overload. The front is a chocolate shop and the back is a restaurant good for brunch. The smell of chocolate wafts through the air leaving you hungry for sweets. Got the nutella and strawberry/banana crepe- portion was huge. It was exactly what I expected and wanted. My bf got the orange grand marnier crepe, which was good, but drenched in too much sugar. It was too heavy and I think I would have gotten sick from eating the entire thing (good thing he's a piggy and ate it all). The way they make the food here was like artwork. We sat by the open kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully drizzle chocolate on each crepe and decorate each dish to perfection. I think it was a fun experience to try it out, however, balancing a sweet dish with a salty one would have been smart.
Wow. everyone that visits montreal needs to stop by this place. Chocolate HEAVEN!!!! they have absolutely everything everything cocolicious you can imagine. I am not sure if this is a chain but i know that they have at least 2 locations in montreal.I came in on a week day for lunch after getting recommendations from a friend of mine and also reading about it on food blogs. I must say it does not disappoint! I went for the nutty waffle which consist of nuts with vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream, chocolate, nutty drizzles (i think hazelnut), bananas and strawberries. You can substitute your waffles for a crunchier type call cacao 70 for about 2 CAD more i think. I went with that and boy i devour that whole thing down in just a few. So goood!!! it' a bit sweet and quite a big portion for one to finish so i would suggest going with a friend if you can unless you are like me who is traveling on her own. so foodies if you are into nuts and chocolate i highly recommend this one! i was debating between this an the one on the special section "feel like chocolate" or the marshmallow and chocolate pizza. But both of the other ones seems a bit overwhelming for one so i went with this instead. Service was fast and pleasant. I would def come back again when I am in town next time around!
Came here to try out a crepe and ended up having their chocolate stout. Really good food. It was light and perfect.
First time at cocoa 70, it's amazing...I had the brownie volcano with vanilla ice cream and it was out of this world...loved everything about it...the brownie was moist and rich and the ice cream so creamy. I also had cappuccino, loved it!!!
This place was a great alternative to my normal Montreal chocolate-centric restaurant which is Juliette et Chocolat. I honestly over did it on the chocolate here but every bit of it was worth it.My meal consisted of a waffle (very sweet, though i wish it wasn't candyish flavored) topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate fudge drizzle and white chocolate drizzle.  This included a side of warm milk and white chocolate to dip my ice cream of waffle in, if the drizzle was not enough, with an additional few grams of  milk chocolate ball toppings (I'm sure that there's some much more eloquent name for them).  The meal was very rich to say the least.  I OD'd on sugar and chocolate.  I only wish that the waffle wasn't ridiculously sweet and that one of the female waitresses wasn't  so non-attentive and nonchalant.  Overall good experience for a busy late evening snack though.
I was visiting Montreal from New Brunswick and had heard great things about this place. My boyfriend and I wanted something sweet after dinner, so we decided to give it a try. When we entered, we were seated immediately despite seeing a full restaurant. Service was friendly and fast (though it took us a while to figure out what we were going to get!) Once we figured it out,  (we got the "Feel like chocolate" plate to share) we certainly had no regrets! The only regret is that we didn't  have more time to taste all the delicious chocolate dishes! We also got boozy milkshakes (the Brazilian, I believe) and it was amazing. Such a great experience and very delicious treats! Will definitely be back again next time I am in the city.
Do you want Chocolate everything?And I do mean almost everything.It's like someone decided to single handedly support the chocolate market by opening this store so that Canadian chocolate lovers could get their fix.And this place is their dealer.Decent chocolate at average to above average prices.Crepes and waffles seem to be the popular thing here, but you know me, I'm all about the hot chocolate.After walking in the snow, who wouldn't want hot chocolate?Now all I need is a toboggan and a backpack for my adventure through Montreal.
The interior of the cafe was clean and organised, with lots of space in between tables so you can surely get some private time while dining there. Got the lazy breakfast and it was served with a mini fruit platter that came with melted chocolate on the side which was simply a treat. Coffee was pretty decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an exceptional brunch!
Not a huge chocolate sweets fan, but this place knocked it out of the park. Everything on the menu sound amazing and the waffles with chocolate and ice cream was the best thing I've had in a while. The flavours are perfect not to sweet just right.Advice go with a few people this way you can all share each other's dishes.
I love the decor. The atmosphere of eating chocolate and watching the snow storm outside its huge windows is 5 stars!!!! The service we had that day was very good.Here it is more American menu options than Juliet et Chocolat. Lots of ice cream!!!!So badly craved the Black and White after seeing the pictures and I was NOT disappointed. Super good! Two scoops of ice cream with hardened chocolate drizzle on top, plus crispy chocolate dots for dipping. The waffle was great but thick! I like.Anyways it's 3 stars because they refused to refund my friend's $100 tip (this happened a while ago). Clearly a mistake! How dare they argue? It took 30 minutes to finally have them refund it. I think that's ridiculous.
If you're looking for a diabetic coma to fall in to, you have come to the right place! The smell of chocolate permeates the air of this crowded cafe. They somehow have managed to cram a large number of tables into their square footage while maintaining the navigability of the space.  With a menu so overwhelmingly large, it's a good thing the the staff is friendly and helpful and can help you navigate the sea of sweet that comprises their offerings. In addition to chocolate and sweets, they also have a selection of savory menu items, such as crepes and paninis. I ordered the breakfast crepe with spinach, feta, and egg. The spinach they used was fresh baby spinach and I was surprise to see the egg did not come inside my crepe but in the format of two perfect sunny side up eggs next to my crepe. As it turned out, I loved it that way! I got to dip my crepe into the runny egg yokes as one would points of toast. My only complaint was that Cacao 70 does not offer be channel sauce with their crepes, and so, the crepe was a bit dry.All in all, a great place to go as long as you don't mind leaving with a bit of a sweets induced tummy ache!
Perfect place for a date. After a meal, I was looking for a place to have fruits. Had a craving for fruits on that day. hahaShe suggested me Cacao70. We ordered a chocolate fondue for 2 :DI asked for extra fruits. Banana, strawberry, apple tastes good with chocolate.It was fun to deep fruits into chocolate. She was all excited about it. The waffle drives her crazy hahaStaff was very kind. Water cup was always filled up.The atmosphere was great. Great experience. I'm not a crazy fan about chocolate, but the extra fruits was really nice.Strongly recommend for date place. Excite her with damn chocolate haha
This place is utterly amazing, I traveled to Montreal for spring break (I know crazy right?), but it was absolutely wonderful! My best friend and I would go here every morning to order the illegal waffles, black and white waffles, the fondue, the best lazy breakfast ever and of course the Costa Rica 30+ chocolate drink. I wish there was something like this in the states. :(
Wanna get stuffed with chocolate (and/or sugar in general)? This is the place! Just upon entering the sweet chocolate scent hits you in the face. Come early in the afternoon or morning, since it can get pretty busy in the evenings (the place is rather small and craving a sugar hit, you won't want to wait).The menu is long, actually a bit too long if you ask me. It's very difficult to decide, unless you wanna come every day and try something different. Well, that was not the case here since we were in town only for a little while. If you are a party of at least two or three people, it's worth ordering an assortment of several things - Sweet Chocolate Experience or Sharing for Two or More, that way you get to try more and share instead of getting too stuffed by yourself.We ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake (kinda resembles Tiramisu), something we should have shared, cause it's too much for one person - too much chocolate in one go (if there is such a thing, you'll say... and there is!). Black and White Waffle - a huge portion of waffles, chocolate, ice cream and whipped cream (also a lot for one person), Hot Chocolate and a Strawberry White Chocolate Shake (a small one). A lot (too much) for one evening if you ask me. Everything was tasty, but tolling on our stomachs.Next evening we tried Strawberry and Cheesecake Crepe (the best decision I've made here), Tuna Sandwich with a side salad, Chicken Sandwich without sides and a Brazilian Coffee. Sandwiches were nothing special - too much bread and too little contents (in the end it's a chocolate place, not a sandwich place, sometimes I forget about these things). The crepe was a proper one and I would have ordered it again if ever in town. All in all a good dessert place, but try to hold yourself back a bit when ordering. Even if you're super hungry, you might get stuffed all too fast, so rather share and order twice, if needed. :)Staff is super helpful and they speak English - also the menu comes in English as well.
Food: Can't help it, love this place even though I don't like sweets that much! but the fondue is to die for! so good!!
This place is part of my top 5 places to go in Montreal! (Visit my page to read my other top 5 reviews!)Absolutely amazing! I always recommend this place to all my friends who visit Montreal. This little restaurant is an absolute gem. The place is very well decorated and very unique. Definitely in my top 5 places to visit if you ever pass by this beautiful city. I always get the "sweet chocolate experience for two." This place is the perfect place to go on a romantic date or have a great time with friends. What is more hilarious than laughing at each other with chocolate stuck on everyone's teeth? :)I would also recommend the crepes as they are really tasty as well! To be honest, anything on this menu is good. Highly recommended and a solid 5 stars! Well worth it I promise you!
Thank you for the wonderful chocolatey experience Cacao 70! This cozy cafe reminded me of Max Brenners in NYC. Looked like there was a mix of tourists and natives dining here. I'd definitely come back again and again as a treat for myself x) We ordered: - Chocolate, marshmallow pizza (came with strawberries and bananas which can be dipped in a small dish of melted chocolate) the bread was slightly sweet and combined well with the chocolate spread and the lightly toasted marshmallows. - American style hot cocoa (you can get this either with milk chocolate/ medium or dark chocolate) I got it with dark chocolate. Though delicious I couldn't finish it :P - raspberry parfait ice cream cup (loved the brownie bites in this one!)
It seems that the folks here in Montreal love their chocolate. We were overwhelmed with the choices on the "sweets" menu, but finally decided that you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue. The "single" Flaming Turtle  was plenty for the two of us and  included banana, strawberry,  pineapple,  waffles and brownie bites. The chocolate was a perfect consistency and the right amount for the items to dip. You could taste the mixed in rum sauce at the back of your throat....in a good way. We also ordered a spicy hot chocolate with curry and pepper. I would have liked it to be spicier and a bit hotter in temperature, but it was still delicious.   Other sections of the menu feature milkshakes, sundaes, chocolate for the purist, s'more's, crepes and waffles and on and on and on. It was slamming here on a Sunday night, but servers were friendly and unflustered. Seems like it would be a good choice for date night!
What a little piece of French Canadian Crepe heaven!  It's a great little brunch and dessert spot located near McGill that seems to be a favorite amongst college students.  On a Sunday morning around 10 AM we were seated without a wait. Fickle as ever we opted for the 70 salad, the Italian sausage frittata and the illegal chocolate waffle. The salad is a mixed green salad with feta and tomatoes topped off with a poppyseed dressing. It was quite good though I wished I had ordered the dressing on the side.The frittata was hot, came in a cast iron skillet. It was savory and filling. I was barely able to put a dent into it. The crown jewel of the meal was the illegal waffle. I will admit I like my waffle crispier than that but besides that it was a piece of heaven. The bananas were transformed into a "banana brûlée" with caramelized sugar. The order of operations was to then dip the banana or waffle in a chocolate sauce or whipped topping then top it off with these mini whopper balls. Unbelievable!They also have a dessert menu. No doubt we'll be back in the future. By the time we left it got quite busy so clearly this is no well kept secret.
It opens at 10AM, and there was already a line up! This place is super cute with a wide selection of chocolate as well. I think I ate way too much chocolate during this trip! We ordered a pretty big brunch, the bananas, strawberries and pineapples comes with it as a little treat! How nice! oh and don't forget about the melted chocolate dip!And brunch is served! That was such a nice little treat from the restaurant! I didn't expect that.My husband got the chicken egg sandwich. I got the egg, bacon, beans, bread, potatoes and sausages! They come in big big big portions!!! So make sure you go hungry!!I love the atmosphere of this place. Super cute! I would love to come back here for dessert!
Cuteness overload. The front is a chocolate shop and the back is a restaurant good for brunch. The smell of chocolate wafts through the air leaving you hungry for sweets. Got the nutella and strawberry/banana crepe- portion was huge. It was exactly what I expected and wanted. My bf got the orange grand marnier crepe, which was good, but drenched in too much sugar. It was too heavy and I think I would have gotten sick from eating the entire thing (good thing he's a piggy and ate it all). The way they make the food here was like artwork. We sat by the open kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully drizzle chocolate on each crepe and decorate each dish to perfection. I think it was a fun experience to try it out, however, balancing a sweet dish with a salty one would have been smart.
Wow. everyone that visits montreal needs to stop by this place. Chocolate HEAVEN!!!! they have absolutely everything everything cocolicious you can imagine. I am not sure if this is a chain but i know that they have at least 2 locations in montreal.I came in on a week day for lunch after getting recommendations from a friend of mine and also reading about it on food blogs. I must say it does not disappoint! I went for the nutty waffle which consist of nuts with vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream, chocolate, nutty drizzles (i think hazelnut), bananas and strawberries. You can substitute your waffles for a crunchier type call cacao 70 for about 2 CAD more i think. I went with that and boy i devour that whole thing down in just a few. So goood!!! it' a bit sweet and quite a big portion for one to finish so i would suggest going with a friend if you can unless you are like me who is traveling on her own. so foodies if you are into nuts and chocolate i highly recommend this one! i was debating between this an the one on the special section "feel like chocolate" or the marshmallow and chocolate pizza. But both of the other ones seems a bit overwhelming for one so i went with this instead. Service was fast and pleasant. I would def come back again when I am in town next time around!
Came here to try out a crepe and ended up having their chocolate stout. Really good food. It was light and perfect.
First time at cocoa 70, it's amazing...I had the brownie volcano with vanilla ice cream and it was out of this world...loved everything about it...the brownie was moist and rich and the ice cream so creamy. I also had cappuccino, loved it!!!
This place was a great alternative to my normal Montreal chocolate-centric restaurant which is Juliette et Chocolat. I honestly over did it on the chocolate here but every bit of it was worth it.My meal consisted of a waffle (very sweet, though i wish it wasn't candyish flavored) topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate fudge drizzle and white chocolate drizzle.  This included a side of warm milk and white chocolate to dip my ice cream of waffle in, if the drizzle was not enough, with an additional few grams of  milk chocolate ball toppings (I'm sure that there's some much more eloquent name for them).  The meal was very rich to say the least.  I OD'd on sugar and chocolate.  I only wish that the waffle wasn't ridiculously sweet and that one of the female waitresses wasn't  so non-attentive and nonchalant.  Overall good experience for a busy late evening snack though.
I was visiting Montreal from New Brunswick and had heard great things about this place. My boyfriend and I wanted something sweet after dinner, so we decided to give it a try. When we entered, we were seated immediately despite seeing a full restaurant. Service was friendly and fast (though it took us a while to figure out what we were going to get!) Once we figured it out,  (we got the "Feel like chocolate" plate to share) we certainly had no regrets! The only regret is that we didn't  have more time to taste all the delicious chocolate dishes! We also got boozy milkshakes (the Brazilian, I believe) and it was amazing. Such a great experience and very delicious treats! Will definitely be back again next time I am in the city.
Do you want Chocolate everything?And I do mean almost everything.It's like someone decided to single handedly support the chocolate market by opening this store so that Canadian chocolate lovers could get their fix.And this place is their dealer.Decent chocolate at average to above average prices.Crepes and waffles seem to be the popular thing here, but you know me, I'm all about the hot chocolate.After walking in the snow, who wouldn't want hot chocolate?Now all I need is a toboggan and a backpack for my adventure through Montreal.
The interior of the cafe was clean and organised, with lots of space in between tables so you can surely get some private time while dining there. Got the lazy breakfast and it was served with a mini fruit platter that came with melted chocolate on the side which was simply a treat. Coffee was pretty decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an exceptional brunch!
Not a huge chocolate sweets fan, but this place knocked it out of the park. Everything on the menu sound amazing and the waffles with chocolate and ice cream was the best thing I've had in a while. The flavours are perfect not to sweet just right.Advice go with a few people this way you can all share each other's dishes.
I love the decor. The atmosphere of eating chocolate and watching the snow storm outside its huge windows is 5 stars!!!! The service we had that day was very good.Here it is more American menu options than Juliet et Chocolat. Lots of ice cream!!!!So badly craved the Black and White after seeing the pictures and I was NOT disappointed. Super good! Two scoops of ice cream with hardened chocolate drizzle on top, plus crispy chocolate dots for dipping. The waffle was great but thick! I like.Anyways it's 3 stars because they refused to refund my friend's $100 tip (this happened a while ago). Clearly a mistake! How dare they argue? It took 30 minutes to finally have them refund it. I think that's ridiculous.
If you're looking for a diabetic coma to fall in to, you have come to the right place! The smell of chocolate permeates the air of this crowded cafe. They somehow have managed to cram a large number of tables into their square footage while maintaining the navigability of the space.  With a menu so overwhelmingly large, it's a good thing the the staff is friendly and helpful and can help you navigate the sea of sweet that comprises their offerings. In addition to chocolate and sweets, they also have a selection of savory menu items, such as crepes and paninis. I ordered the breakfast crepe with spinach, feta, and egg. The spinach they used was fresh baby spinach and I was surprise to see the egg did not come inside my crepe but in the format of two perfect sunny side up eggs next to my crepe. As it turned out, I loved it that way! I got to dip my crepe into the runny egg yokes as one would points of toast. My only complaint was that Cacao 70 does not offer be channel sauce with their crepes, and so, the crepe was a bit dry.All in all, a great place to go as long as you don't mind leaving with a bit of a sweets induced tummy ache!
Perfect place for a date. After a meal, I was looking for a place to have fruits. Had a craving for fruits on that day. hahaShe suggested me Cacao70. We ordered a chocolate fondue for 2 :DI asked for extra fruits. Banana, strawberry, apple tastes good with chocolate.It was fun to deep fruits into chocolate. She was all excited about it. The waffle drives her crazy hahaStaff was very kind. Water cup was always filled up.The atmosphere was great. Great experience. I'm not a crazy fan about chocolate, but the extra fruits was really nice.Strongly recommend for date place. Excite her with damn chocolate haha
This place is utterly amazing, I traveled to Montreal for spring break (I know crazy right?), but it was absolutely wonderful! My best friend and I would go here every morning to order the illegal waffles, black and white waffles, the fondue, the best lazy breakfast ever and of course the Costa Rica 30+ chocolate drink. I wish there was something like this in the states. :(
Wanna get stuffed with chocolate (and/or sugar in general)? This is the place! Just upon entering the sweet chocolate scent hits you in the face. Come early in the afternoon or morning, since it can get pretty busy in the evenings (the place is rather small and craving a sugar hit, you won't want to wait).The menu is long, actually a bit too long if you ask me. It's very difficult to decide, unless you wanna come every day and try something different. Well, that was not the case here since we were in town only for a little while. If you are a party of at least two or three people, it's worth ordering an assortment of several things - Sweet Chocolate Experience or Sharing for Two or More, that way you get to try more and share instead of getting too stuffed by yourself.We ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake (kinda resembles Tiramisu), something we should have shared, cause it's too much for one person - too much chocolate in one go (if there is such a thing, you'll say... and there is!). Black and White Waffle - a huge portion of waffles, chocolate, ice cream and whipped cream (also a lot for one person), Hot Chocolate and a Strawberry White Chocolate Shake (a small one). A lot (too much) for one evening if you ask me. Everything was tasty, but tolling on our stomachs.Next evening we tried Strawberry and Cheesecake Crepe (the best decision I've made here), Tuna Sandwich with a side salad, Chicken Sandwich without sides and a Brazilian Coffee. Sandwiches were nothing special - too much bread and too little contents (in the end it's a chocolate place, not a sandwich place, sometimes I forget about these things). The crepe was a proper one and I would have ordered it again if ever in town. All in all a good dessert place, but try to hold yourself back a bit when ordering. Even if you're super hungry, you might get stuffed all too fast, so rather share and order twice, if needed. :)Staff is super helpful and they speak English - also the menu comes in English as well.
Food: Can't help it, love this place even though I don't like sweets that much! but the fondue is to die for! so good!!
This place is part of my top 5 places to go in Montreal! (Visit my page to read my other top 5 reviews!)Absolutely amazing! I always recommend this place to all my friends who visit Montreal. This little restaurant is an absolute gem. The place is very well decorated and very unique. Definitely in my top 5 places to visit if you ever pass by this beautiful city. I always get the "sweet chocolate experience for two." This place is the perfect place to go on a romantic date or have a great time with friends. What is more hilarious than laughing at each other with chocolate stuck on everyone's teeth? :)I would also recommend the crepes as they are really tasty as well! To be honest, anything on this menu is good. Highly recommended and a solid 5 stars! Well worth it I promise you!
Thank you for the wonderful chocolatey experience Cacao 70! This cozy cafe reminded me of Max Brenners in NYC. Looked like there was a mix of tourists and natives dining here. I'd definitely come back again and again as a treat for myself x) We ordered: - Chocolate, marshmallow pizza (came with strawberries and bananas which can be dipped in a small dish of melted chocolate) the bread was slightly sweet and combined well with the chocolate spread and the lightly toasted marshmallows. - American style hot cocoa (you can get this either with milk chocolate/ medium or dark chocolate) I got it with dark chocolate. Though delicious I couldn't finish it :P - raspberry parfait ice cream cup (loved the brownie bites in this one!)
It seems that the folks here in Montreal love their chocolate. We were overwhelmed with the choices on the "sweets" menu, but finally decided that you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue. The "single" Flaming Turtle  was plenty for the two of us and  included banana, strawberry,  pineapple,  waffles and brownie bites. The chocolate was a perfect consistency and the right amount for the items to dip. You could taste the mixed in rum sauce at the back of your throat....in a good way. We also ordered a spicy hot chocolate with curry and pepper. I would have liked it to be spicier and a bit hotter in temperature, but it was still delicious.   Other sections of the menu feature milkshakes, sundaes, chocolate for the purist, s'more's, crepes and waffles and on and on and on. It was slamming here on a Sunday night, but servers were friendly and unflustered. Seems like it would be a good choice for date night!
What a little piece of French Canadian Crepe heaven!  It's a great little brunch and dessert spot located near McGill that seems to be a favorite amongst college students.  On a Sunday morning around 10 AM we were seated without a wait. Fickle as ever we opted for the 70 salad, the Italian sausage frittata and the illegal chocolate waffle. The salad is a mixed green salad with feta and tomatoes topped off with a poppyseed dressing. It was quite good though I wished I had ordered the dressing on the side.The frittata was hot, came in a cast iron skillet. It was savory and filling. I was barely able to put a dent into it. The crown jewel of the meal was the illegal waffle. I will admit I like my waffle crispier than that but besides that it was a piece of heaven. The bananas were transformed into a "banana brûlée" with caramelized sugar. The order of operations was to then dip the banana or waffle in a chocolate sauce or whipped topping then top it off with these mini whopper balls. Unbelievable!They also have a dessert menu. No doubt we'll be back in the future. By the time we left it got quite busy so clearly this is no well kept secret.
It opens at 10AM, and there was already a line up! This place is super cute with a wide selection of chocolate as well. I think I ate way too much chocolate during this trip! We ordered a pretty big brunch, the bananas, strawberries and pineapples comes with it as a little treat! How nice! oh and don't forget about the melted chocolate dip!And brunch is served! That was such a nice little treat from the restaurant! I didn't expect that.My husband got the chicken egg sandwich. I got the egg, bacon, beans, bread, potatoes and sausages! They come in big big big portions!!! So make sure you go hungry!!I love the atmosphere of this place. Super cute! I would love to come back here for dessert!
Cuteness overload. The front is a chocolate shop and the back is a restaurant good for brunch. The smell of chocolate wafts through the air leaving you hungry for sweets. Got the nutella and strawberry/banana crepe- portion was huge. It was exactly what I expected and wanted. My bf got the orange grand marnier crepe, which was good, but drenched in too much sugar. It was too heavy and I think I would have gotten sick from eating the entire thing (good thing he's a piggy and ate it all). The way they make the food here was like artwork. We sat by the open kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully drizzle chocolate on each crepe and decorate each dish to perfection. I think it was a fun experience to try it out, however, balancing a sweet dish with a salty one would have been smart.
Wow. everyone that visits montreal needs to stop by this place. Chocolate HEAVEN!!!! they have absolutely everything everything cocolicious you can imagine. I am not sure if this is a chain but i know that they have at least 2 locations in montreal.I came in on a week day for lunch after getting recommendations from a friend of mine and also reading about it on food blogs. I must say it does not disappoint! I went for the nutty waffle which consist of nuts with vanilla ice cream, nuts, whip cream, chocolate, nutty drizzles (i think hazelnut), bananas and strawberries. You can substitute your waffles for a crunchier type call cacao 70 for about 2 CAD more i think. I went with that and boy i devour that whole thing down in just a few. So goood!!! it' a bit sweet and quite a big portion for one to finish so i would suggest going with a friend if you can unless you are like me who is traveling on her own. so foodies if you are into nuts and chocolate i highly recommend this one! i was debating between this an the one on the special section "feel like chocolate" or the marshmallow and chocolate pizza. But both of the other ones seems a bit overwhelming for one so i went with this instead. Service was fast and pleasant. I would def come back again when I am in town next time around!
Came here to try out a crepe and ended up having their chocolate stout. Really good food. It was light and perfect.
First time at cocoa 70, it's amazing...I had the brownie volcano with vanilla ice cream and it was out of this world...loved everything about it...the brownie was moist and rich and the ice cream so creamy. I also had cappuccino, loved it!!!
This place was a great alternative to my normal Montreal chocolate-centric restaurant which is Juliette et Chocolat. I honestly over did it on the chocolate here but every bit of it was worth it.My meal consisted of a waffle (very sweet, though i wish it wasn't candyish flavored) topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate fudge drizzle and white chocolate drizzle.  This included a side of warm milk and white chocolate to dip my ice cream of waffle in, if the drizzle was not enough, with an additional few grams of  milk chocolate ball toppings (I'm sure that there's some much more eloquent name for them).  The meal was very rich to say the least.  I OD'd on sugar and chocolate.  I only wish that the waffle wasn't ridiculously sweet and that one of the female waitresses wasn't  so non-attentive and nonchalant.  Overall good experience for a busy late evening snack though.
I was visiting Montreal from New Brunswick and had heard great things about this place. My boyfriend and I wanted something sweet after dinner, so we decided to give it a try. When we entered, we were seated immediately despite seeing a full restaurant. Service was friendly and fast (though it took us a while to figure out what we were going to get!) Once we figured it out,  (we got the "Feel like chocolate" plate to share) we certainly had no regrets! The only regret is that we didn't  have more time to taste all the delicious chocolate dishes! We also got boozy milkshakes (the Brazilian, I believe) and it was amazing. Such a great experience and very delicious treats! Will definitely be back again next time I am in the city.
Do you want Chocolate everything?And I do mean almost everything.It's like someone decided to single handedly support the chocolate market by opening this store so that Canadian chocolate lovers could get their fix.And this place is their dealer.Decent chocolate at average to above average prices.Crepes and waffles seem to be the popular thing here, but you know me, I'm all about the hot chocolate.After walking in the snow, who wouldn't want hot chocolate?Now all I need is a toboggan and a backpack for my adventure through Montreal.
The interior of the cafe was clean and organised, with lots of space in between tables so you can surely get some private time while dining there. Got the lazy breakfast and it was served with a mini fruit platter that came with melted chocolate on the side which was simply a treat. Coffee was pretty decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an exceptional brunch!
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
How much do I absolutely adore Aux Vivre? Enough to go daily... and twice in one day! They boast such a vibrant menu chock full of both healthy and indulgent vegan dishes, plus desserts, smoothies and juices, that any vegan/vegetarian/omnivore should be satisfied. What I love the most:-Popeye juiceIt's so gingery and refreshing! Even if you're the type who suffers through their glass of green juice if it's super green, this one is sure to change your mind. -La Polenta (on the brunch menu-- available only on the weekend)My god, this plate is absolutely what the doctor ordered. It's hearty and delicious, with big hunks of tasty polenta over refried beans + zesty tofu scramble(cooked with nutritional yeast), perfect guac and salad (that dilly dressing is dreamy). The perfect plate if you don't actually eat until the mid afternoon when you realize you're fucking starving. -Buddha BowlIt's simply a huge bowl, abundant with veggies, rice and grilled tofu that is out of this world delicious. But what really takes it to the next level is that ramekin of Buddha sauce (think: umami and not sweet!)And this may not seem like a big deal to you, but their soy cappuccinos are perfection. Coming from an espresso fanatic!This is more of a note for me and shouldn't discourage you at all, but I wasn't crazy about the the BLT because I prefer a more savory fake bacon, maybe made of tempeh, rather than the sweet coconut variety, also way too much mayo. The wrap isn't my favorite kind, but that's because I'm weird about wraps and probably shouldn't order them. But! My friend couldn't go on ENOUGH about how spectacular the Dragon wrap is and just know that it holds up to the next day as she took it to go! Final note: The key lime pie is disappointing. To be fair, I took it to go and perhaps it just needs to be eaten immediately, but it appeared rather unappetizing when I first received it and when I went to eat it later, I found it inedible (mainly because the texture is too gelatinous). I'm sure their other desserts are much better! They appear quite enticing, for sure.Besides the great options for all and the fact that Aux Vivre is Montreal's very first vegan restaurant (kudos, mes amis!) I want to note that I just love every waitress I've ever had here. They are the sweetest girls and really take good care of you, even when you're there, ahem, past closing (sorry to be THAT table, but thank you, Aux Vivre, for being open so late because *this* vegan often doesn't sit down to dinner til 10pm!)
The sandwich are okay, the portions are really big though. The tempeh was really good, especially the sauce coming with it. Planning on going back to taste other stuffs on their menuI was really impressed by the gateau fauxmage A MUST seriously. The staffs are really friendly
Whenever I'm studying, I love ordering from here as they have awesome food. It's a bonus that they have several gluten-free options - very accommodating for those with allergies.Their menu is super detailed and you know exactly what ingredients every dish includes. The portions are perfect, and the prices are super reasonable. Two doors north of the store they even have another store where they sell some of their dishes/ desserts as well as several other vegan things. The only downside was that the service was a little bit slow, but the food definitely made up for it. I would 100% recommend Aux Vivres!
Meh, try once kinda place. I love vegetarian food and all but just wasn't feeling this place you know? We came right when they were open so maybe the kitchen wasn't ready yet so my sandwich took awhile to come out. I saw the BLT sandwich on Yelp and it looks so good. They saw us struggling reading French so they finally gave us an English menu. They should just always leave out English menu! |BLT sandwich| 11.25 CAD About $8 US money for a sandwich is not bad considering it's vegetarian. So they replaced the bacon with coconut pieces that had a lot of flavor on its own but too dry for a sandwich. We bought a small box of it on the side for our road trip and it tastes better as a snack. What its lacking was the sauce. It was too dry with all 3 ingredients: coconut pieces, lettuce, tomatoes. I'm glad I shared and only had half of it. Could barely make it through.
If you're looking for delicious and affordable vegan cuisine, this is my number one pick in the city. They recently expanded, due to the constant flow of people, which has really helped minimize lineups. The food is fantastic and offers a mix of Indian, Greek, Thai, Mexican and other inspired flavours - but all with the Aux Vivres twist. My usuals here are the curry lentil soup, the Thai & Dragon bowls with tempeh, the Thai choupati wrap and of course one of their fabulous desserts, notably the GF banana-chocolate torte or the apple-chocolate cake. Yum!
it was my first time at any vegan restaurant and it was a great experience. even though I am a meat lover , the bowl I took (dragon bowl) had great flavors and taste. It was pretty big and filling , I had trouble finishing it
​​I've never been to a completely vegan establishment before since I'm an omnivore, but a friend of ours suggested us this place while we were visiting and I thought, why not.Can't explain how surprised I was ​by the deliciousness of things. We only came for coffee ​and a dessert, but still. Maybe if we return some day I'll order a main dish as well (or just a ton of desserts), but for now...... the desserts were amazingly good (not cheap though, keep that in mind). I had the Gâteau Faux-Mage. Heavenly! Seriously​!​ It was waaaaay better than a typical cheesecake you can order anywhere else.​ I'd kill to have the recipe and be able to ​make it at home ​myself ​over and over.Husband ordered Apple Pie which was great as well, but the Uncheesecake got me so bad I hardly wanted to try his dessert. :)Coffee came with almond milk and so did my Earl Grey tea. Both great.This place has very friendly staff. They speak English and menu has two sides - French and English. What ​​more could one want? I'd give them 10 stars if I could. :)​
Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well.   The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts !   P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.
Vegan comfort food with great deserts and a liquor license.Prompt service regardless of how busy it is. Delicious smoothies- particularly the chocolate one and the blue monkey. Big portions- awesome for lunches.
Always busy...even on Monday nights!A sign that there is not enough vegan restaurant in Montreal...Vegan fares that will make you come back for more...not all dishes are a hit in my opinion but some are highly addictive! Try the pate samples with chapati or the dragon bowl.The vege lox is quite surprising, it does really taste like smoke salmon! Delicious smoothies and fresh juices! Friendly service. That's all you need to know!
I'm not a vegetarian but I enjoyed my meal here. I had waffles for brunch. Wasn't crazy about the soy "bacon" but the rest was really good. Haven't been back in a while but would recommend even if you aren't vegan.
Good vegan food! I am happy there is an all vegan restaurant in Montreal. Au Vivre has a good size menu, the huevos rancheros for the weekend brunch menu are so good. Good coffee as well and great combinations for fresh juices, the popeye is green power and delicious.  They also offer cakes and desserts, I am excited to try some f those.The restaurant itself has a diner feeling to it.  Nothing special.  The service is good and fast.Prices are reasonable.  Overall, a good vegan option!
Staff are calm, attentive and not over bearing. Food was fast but it was just a salad so cannot judge. The Dragon Salad was delicious! $12. Brown rice was tasty and a good soy and sesame vinaigrette but I was left a little hungry ( just a bit more vegetables) and the grilled tofu could of been marinated for flavour or seasoned and cooked more than the mere scorch line it bore.Overall a great spot for a Sunday light supper that seems to attract all ilk.
Came here for brunch on the weekend, which was busy. I got the yogurt with granola. It was my first time trying nondairy yogurt, and it was actually really good. I would definitely go for one of the veggie bowls next time, which was what my friend got and it looked so good. I also got a mango smoothie; I was hoping that the smoothie was thicker though.
I've been to Aux Vivres more times than its worth counting for over the years. That being said, I've seen this place change somewhat radically in terms of atmosphere, food and service, which makes it all the harder to review. At another time I could count on a quality Mekong sandwich large enough to be shared between two broke folks- now I find the lunch and dinner quantities underwhelming and the sauce overbearing. Definitely not the kind of meal to be shared. This is also accompanied by a different atmosphere- it's not the intimate little vegan nook it once was.I wouldn't recommend visiting the joint for anything other than brunch- which is the only legit. vegan brunch I can really vouch for in the city (check out that perfectly cooked polenta!).
Pretty decent vegan place that I frequent when I am in the plateau/mile end area. The portions sizes are decent and the prices are pretty cheap. When the food is good, it's really good, when it's bad, it's downright awful. Good : The Sirocco wrap, if you get in the take out section is only $5.49. The Dragon sauce is probably the best to compliment that wrap. The 'cheese' scone and 'un-cheese' cakes are probably my personal favorites and I would go out of my way to get those. The Mezze Mediterranean w/ Chapati will not disappoint either!  Bad : Avoid brunch if possible, the blueberry crepes are really dry. The chili fries were a bit cold...and dry. Not impressed with their portobello burger either. There's not much flavour in the tofu, I think it's grilled without seasoning. Bottom Line : I have my favorites, but this is not the place to be adventurous because most stuff are pretty bland without the sauces or just really dry. However, it's still my go to place for cheap vegan foods.
Get the dragon bowl! I got a burger when I came here (which is not bad), but when I took a little sample of my friend's dragon bowl...oh the regret! Definitely coming back here to devour the whole thing myself. The decor here is simple and clean. The waitress who served us was very helpful in giving us recommendations and we had a nice little chat about that secret sauce in that dragon bowl too. I heard their smoothies are pretty awesome, so there's another thing to add to my "to try" list.
I find this place overrated !!! Their food isn't that much big of a deal. That being said, i like the concept of a whole, vegan and healthy food joint.The place was jam packed. Im glad that the service was really quick and friendly. The waiters are so patient and helpful. They explain the menu and try to guide you along side. For starters, i got the smoked coconut. It was really small but very delicious.  I had the Buddha bowl for the main dish and I was very disappointed :/ My rice was bland and overcooked. The veggies were suppose to be steamed as indicated. Yet some  were just raw and unappetizing. The only steamed veggie in the bowl was the spinach. The bowl was filling so I'm glad about that. It looks really small but very filling. If you're not vegetarian or vegan, don't waste your time here it's not food that can be savoured. I'm a foodie and for me it did not satisfy my palate.It was weird on my stomach, i won't lie. The ambiance is very hipster and raww not classy at all.
One of the most legit vegan restaurants I've ever been to, period! And I've been to many! The bowls are fan.fucking.tastic. And I'm an unapologetic omni. I could turn veg if I had access to this place on a regular basis. I love bowls with raw veg in them for some reason and they make it so, so, so, good and not like some cheap imitation of omni food.
One of the best places to eat in Montreal. Maybe Anthony Bourdain considers skipping Joe Beef next time he's in town and trying this place instead to test his anti-vegan views --- dude, the food here is really good! Some of best brunch and lunch food in Montreal. Just happens to be vegan. If you still just want steak, at least come for the dessert. There is no reasonable emotional objection to at least trying a vegan dessert.
This place is literally tucked away in a basement.When you want a good sandwich, made the way you want it and not want to spend 15$ for it. You need to come here!The bread is crusty on the outside chewy goodness on the inside. The meats are fresh, and if you feel like having a little Pad Thai salad or spring rolls on the side, they have that too!Everything here is good, and the prices are amazingly reasonable, you can leave with a ham and brie sandwich, a soup, and salad for 10$.Please if you work in this area, look for this place and try it out! You won't regret it!!!!
This restaurant is interesting, and I like it!Basically you can get some general chinese food, wonton soup and an egg roll...or you can get a nice sandwich, with your choice of lunch meat ranging from turkey to pate to smoked salmon.  To accompany your sandwich you can add a salad, and you can even mix two salads.  The Clafouti just sales a little bit of everything...even hard boiled eggs!  You can walk out with a sandwich, a medium salad and a drink for less than $10.The food is good, quick and convenient.  I think they make their salads daily.  Highly recommend for those looking for a quick take out lunch around square victoria.
Locals love this place because it has fast service, cheap and pretty solid and healthy options. You come here just to pick up food, there is really not a place for sitting. most customers work around the area and come here for lunch during their break. Their prices are so cheap that is hard to believe for the area. My favourite: the sushi roll...Sandwiches are fine especially when you pay 3.5. Salad bar is pretty good too. Definitely best place for a quick lunch
I work right across this tiny little sandwich shop. It's pretty much my go-to place for lunch. They have freshly-made sandwiches, large selection of salads and a few asian fares like spring rolls, noodles (it's owned by a Cambodian family I believe). No fuss, delicious and CHEAP! if you cannot find the place, just look for the line of people waiting in line. Don't let that deter you, service is quick and efficient!
Nice, cozy and clean place at Mackay. I definitely recommend it! The staff always smiles and the service is excellent.
I was instructed to try a Montreal bagel before departing this great city - so I complied!To be clear: I'm not entirely sure if what I had is what is considered a famous Montreal bagel, so take that perspective with a grain of salt. *Okay I just googled it - I'm pretty sure this was a chain and not the famed Montreal bagel, but I'll still write my opinion.Pros: The options were plentiful and the I was pleased with the options on my "Le Couchon" bagel, the prices were reasonable, staff was friendly. Cons: Everything was so bland - both my chai latte and my bagel (like literally, my latte had no flavor...not even chai), the bagels were chewy and very dry, there was a creepy hole in the bathroom ceiling that made me sure there was a video camera somewhere.If I lived close enough to try another option or two, I may frequent this place on the way to school or work, but for now I'll look forward to my next Ripple Bagel & Deli trip!
On our last morning in Montreal we decided to stop here for a quick bite before our drive back to NYC. We had $25 left in Canadian currency and wanted to use it all before leaving Canada. My boyfriend ordered a bagel with smoked beef plus ginger tea kombucha and I got this combo (montrealis bagel with chips, salad and a small coffee). I wanted a latte and the cashier said it was fine to replace the coffee with a latte without extra charge. All this was a bit over 25 dollars and we were able to charge the rest on a credit card, woo! Food was delicious, loved how they sliced the tomatoes and cucumbers really thin so that my bagel wasn't falling apart when I took a bite into it. If I were a native I would come here all the time to work and drink coffee :) Thanks for the wonderful last meal in Montreal! Merci Beaucoup!
I've walked by this place I don't know many hundreds of times on my way to school. Now that I finally have walked into this place and tried a delicious bagel as well as a yummy coffee I feel like I've been missing out. The bagel I tried was called the Romain with prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato and pesto :) There were so many options conveniently written on the wall behind the cash that I definitely have to return to try a few more. Each of the bagel plates automatically come with some chips which were plain Ruffles from what I could tell and I wish I could have had only the bagel... But overall it is a cute place to eat with friendly staff and a large selection of delicious bagels. If you have a craving for a yummy sandwich I definitely recommend this place.
Nice and cozy place. In a rush the service is really slow. I ordered the "sherbrooke" its a bagel with avocado,salad,cheese and chicken. It took 40mins until i received my order. Ignoring the slow service during rush hours, the staff is really friendly and the bagels are worth the wait because they're amaaaaazing.
It's a bagel place, but the stand out here for me was the coffee. It was one of the best coffees I've ever had! My basic breakfast came with the bagel topped with lettuce, egg, and swiss cheese as well as some tomatoe and cucumber slices on the side as the "salad". Despite the low price, I was very impressed with how meticulously well-made and well-presented everything was. The staff were friendly and the atmosphere was very cozy as well.
Filling the shoes of a former Second Cup-come-student copy shop on the PRIME Concordia ajascent corner of Mackay and DeMaisoneuve, Hinnawi Bros unremarkable exterior reveals a surprisingly cosy "Snack & Study" spot.Reasonable prices, free Wifi (and power outlets), original art, and good coffee all work towards making this cafe a success. The "Petit Quebec" sandwich with chips and small, beautifully crafted late came to $5.75, less than half the price of the fare at my usual study spot up the street. Sandwiches, all made on Montreal style bagels are served in pub-style baskets with waxed paper. Not the most stylish of présentoirs, but gets the job done! They have a wide variety of sandwiches, salads, and assiettes to accommodate a breadth of tastes both omnivorous and vegetarian.In proud café style, the artwork adorning the walls is original, of professional caliber AND for sale. A logical move considering its close proximity to Concordias and fine arts department. A win-win situation for both the cafe and the artists!I have only minor disappointments concerning Hinnawi Bros, both easily fixed! The cafes table layout is uninspired. 2-seater tables currently entered down the length of the space could be placed against the wall, easily transforming them to larger 4 seater spots. Take it a step further and build cosy booths! The other minor irritation is the fact that the outer door opens directly into the cafe letting the FREEZING winter air in! Again, easily fixed with a decorative "vestibule" curtain.I look forward to the evolution of this cafe, and its eventual summer expansion to the buildings patio area, which will hopefully help the business ordinary exterior more close resemble its potentially extraordinary interior!
So as a new comer to Montreal I found this place rather randomly when rather hungry and was amazed at the quality of the food, ingredients and service. Good quality Wi-Fi and an open breezy environment seal the deal. Can't comment comparatively on Montreal bagels, but in terms of UK bagels they are on another scale. So 5* for food. The cappuccino was ok, nowhere near the excellent Cafe Myriade just around the corner, but drinkable. Essentially too milky. In sum amazing food and highly recommended.
You know the drill - 1, 2, 3 - Atmosphere, Food, & Service :)Atmosphere: Love it ... simple, clean, functional.  It's a pace you come in, grab a table, and order yourself up some bagles.  This particular location on the corner of Maisonneuve & Makay is new - so the place does need some more time to grow into itself - but the decor the owners chose to go with indicates that they want to keep things simple & cleanFood: You definitely get what you came in for.  Bagles - more that two dozen kinds of Bagel "Sandwiches" - your Atlantic, Alaskan, Vegi, Bacon etc. Ingredients are super fresh - which is the reason you'll come in.  The bagels used are St. Viateur made but the owner (Mr. Hinnawi) is hoping to start making his own soon ... hmmm ambitious.  Prices are reasonable (about less than $10 for a bagel topped with your choice + coffee + chips)Service: very minimal but courteous - food brought to your table (Mr. Hinnawi again) and he is considerate to take time out every so often to check on his dinners - on a Saturday morning with not much of a rush this works perfectly and give one a sense of serenity to enjoy in peace :)Should you go? Yes absolutely! It's a non-serious place for the non-serious or those looking to just unplug a bit!
Really good bagels! The waitress was super friendly too :) I live very close to this place but never went because I was super put off by the color of the sign (yellow - I know, super silly). I will definately be coming more!
Thai place was pretty good. Very nice staff. The sandwhich options were good. I ordered the Alaskan, which classic bagels and lox. An interesting point, all the bagels were sesame. No other options!!! That was a bit strange. Also I did ask for an Americano with milk, but received it without, but the drink was so tasty I didn't bother going back up. My Alaskan bagel was good, but my complaint was that it wasn't toasted. Usually when I order my bagel with salmon, it's a toasted one with all the usual fixins. That was my only disappointment, but the sammy was good overall. Nice artwork inside, clean bathrooms. A bit expensive overall, but nice lil spot.
Visiting Montreal, I had to try one of their famous bagels. Unlike a NY bagel, these are smaller, crustier and more dense. A little bit of cream cheese along with a cappuccino and you're set to start your day. The staff at Hinnawi Bros are exceptionally accommodating and friendly, unlike many quick-serve establishments. Try a bit of the 'zatar' sprinkled on your cream cheese bagel. It is an aromatic mix of sesame seeds, cumin, thyme, oregano and other herbs that, at first, seemed a bit strong but really made the senses dance with delight. Don't forget to have their fresh-squeezed orange juice with your meal!I forgot to mention they also exhibit artwork from local artists, a great way to help talented people establish themselves.
had a lunch special here once with a small wrap and soup. really tasty and the coffee was also great too. the ambiance was also really nice; could see myself studying at the rear of the cafe and also just hanging out on those large tables they have. can't wait to visit again.
Montreal has been invaded by loads of independent cafes in recent years albeit HoMa still doesn't seem to have a wide variety of them yet.  Enter Hoche Cafe located on Ontario just east of Pie-IX and Promenades Ontario, which is the trendy part of HoMa.  It's massive and has plenty of seating.  It can get very crowded though especially on weekends.  Despite its size it has a cozy ambiance to it.  There are a few large, communal tables to sit at or smaller ones if you don't want to get to close to strangers.They always have a great variety of baked goods which are always fresh and generally well-made.  The banana bread I had on my most recent visit was very moist and there was a sizeable portion of it.  I must say though that I don't really like the coffee.  The espresso is much too sour for my liking.Pricewise it is on par for an independent coffee shop.  Some might say it is too expensive considering it lies just outside the trendy part of HoMa and I am inclined to agree.  If this were Mile End or the Plateau I might object a little less to the prices but we aren't in those areas.
Cute and cozy coffee shop in Hochelaga. Very friendly staff, mostly only french speaking. London fog (earl grey tea, milk and some sweetener) is delicious, la bicyclette (eggs - scrambled, bread and peanut butter) was not very exciting (egg a bit dry). The granola for the yoghurt was "just" a crumbled cookie (about 1 teaspoon full of it). Asking for more made us feel rude, and least that was the feeling they gave us. All in all, nice café, the pastries look very mouth-watering, drinks are great, other food was okay.
I have been to Hoche around 10 times now and I'm consistently a little disappointed each time I leave the café. The coffee itself is excellent, but the rest of the experience is so-so. For starters, the few plates of food I have tried so far were mediocre. The scrambled eggs served for breakfast are made in the microwave (in front of clients, so at least they're not trying to hide it) which I find hard to accept wen you're paying 11$ for eggs and a piece of bread and jam. The last plate I tried was the croque monsieur, and unfortunately it was also disappointing. The bread was not toasted and the cheese was hardly even melted (probably made in the microwave as well instead of the oven). The paninis were also so-so.The staff is usually polite, but definitely not overly friendly. I always bring back my plate and cup once I'm done with my coffee because I know how hectic it gets in popular coffee shops, and not once was I thanked or even just smiled at. Definitely not a common reaction in Montreal, where most staff is overly thankful towards this simple gesture. My recommendation: great coffee to pick up when on the go. Otherwise, have a bagel or a pastry with your coffee but avoid the meals.
Not in love. It's a regular coffee shop. I ordered  ginger espresso on a Monday morning and the staff was so rude. The coffee was way too bitter and tasted cold. Would not go back.
Was very excited to try this cafe out because of all the good reviews. A group of four of us walked in, took a look around and had no idea wether we were supposed to seat ourselves or wait to get seated. If we were supposed to be seated nobody greeted us. If we were supposed to seat ourselves the table we eventually sat down at was already "taken" by another group even though it was empty. So instead standing around like a bunch of idiots we left. Will probably try this place out again but for now not a good experience.
Just brilliant ambience for a breakfast place. We got here at around 830, and there weren't that many people around. So it was nice and quiet. Being quite far away from the city, might be a contributing factor to having some "local" clientele. No one spoke English but google translate helped us get the orders right. The food was good though the serving size was small for my breakfast liking. It was delicious nonetheless.
Very helpful and patient with us as we translated the menu...plus the food was great.
Great coffee, great sandwiches, cute little spot with a nice decor and great staff. I recommend the grilled cheeses- all extremely delicious. I mean this place has it all what else would you ask from a cute independent café in HoMa. Definitely worth going to after a little trip to Marché Maisonneuve (it's right across).
Perfect Internet cafe. The high speed internet is very high speed, the food is delicious and these sting is comfy but you can work. And the music is very pleasant, too!
Let's get right into it, I love this place! Staff are very friendly, the place looks alway neat and also always packed. It's the new era of HoMa and HocheCafé is ready for it. Casual ambiance, you've got your typical student, hipsters, businessman, writers and iPad enthusiast all waiting in line for a great cup of coffee. Depending on who's controlling the fancy machine you'll get a leaf or an elephant draw in the milk of your latte. Tastier than any Starbucks I've ever been to! Great variety of food from side dish to full meal. They even sell their own brand of coffee but it's never has good has the original. Its my go-to coffee house on my week-end days. Haven't tried they full meal yet, but the pastries are delicious. I'll keep coming here for a while and you should swig by for a cup!
Hoche is one of those rare cafes that makes you feel like you could move into the neighbourhood, because you can see your life revolving around a place like this. Swinging in and out of their door, drinking their coffee and eating their sandwiches. As well as drowning uni sorrows with one of their giant choc chip cookies while you study on their wifi. It's like when you meet a new guy who has no visible flaws, and so your mind gets a bit carried away thinking about your lives together.This. happened. to. me. with. this. cafe.Tasty food, friendly staff and vibe, unpretentious. No visible flaws.Now to get the metro back to my actual neighbourhood and step back into reality. There will be other great cafes, I know. But every now and again I will still think of Hoche and their great toasted sandwiches.
Really close to maisonneuve cegep and best latte! Such a nice coffee shop and the staff were kind and friendly! Had a quick diner and there's lots of plugs near the wall for those who need to charge their computer! The price is real nice (cheaper then starbuck and better coffee &tea !) and the parking isnt hard to find! Its cheaper then downtown too (1$/hour compare to 3$/h) totally recommended love it!
Best fresh pressed juice I had in a while!! Will definitely be back for coffee and food! Loved the vibe there as well!!
Very cool place to drink some good coffee!  :)
What a cute and cosy spot to set up "office" for a few hours. It's a large space for a coffee shop, the kind of place that's so warm that it fogs up your glasses when you walk in the door. There's a definite sense of neighbourhood at Hoche. Adorning the walls are community posters for events and a live music acts. There's groups gathering to chat, individuals pouring over books and others like us working away on our laptops. With big mugs of coffee or pots of tea perched atop large wooden tables, it's a spot where you can feel comfortable hanging around for a bit. Watch out for the trickly loo situation. The men's and women's bathrooms are separated. You'll see the ladies when you walk in the front entrance, and you'll see the men's when you are sitting in the back. There is clearly an icon on each door, but because they're not near each other, it's pretty easy to go to the wrong door. Offerings are of your run-of-the-mill varieties: lattes, chai lattes, teas, coffees. They also offer some baked goods for snacking. And of course, no neighbourhood coffee shop is complete without some solid wi-fi to surf on. Make sure you snag the code when you order your bevvie.
Hip coffee shop for Homa!  Seems like it replicated itself from all the other hip cafés. It has the token rough wood construction and a vintage desk for the coffee lids and sugar but the coffee is definitively third wave (metropolis coffee). I hear the brunch is great. I'll be back!
Very nice coffee and staff. Easy in English and cool music. Good A/C during heat-wave. Yes come and enjoy the vibe....
Broad selection of good beer and decent pub food. The patio is excellent. It's a great place to sit outside and enjoy a nice summer afternoon.
I'm obviously not a beer expert, but I found the drafts quite tasty. My first glass, a Van der Bull  Belgian beer, was an easy-drinking light-coloured beer with notes of citrus. It had more personality than Le Cheval Blanc. For my second glass, the waitress recommended the café-vanille stout, a dessert beer that had an intense aroma of coffee liquor but easier to drink. It was lightly carbonated and un-bitter.The $12 salsa appetizer was nothing special in terms of taste but it was generous enough to share. $2 extra for guacamole that I'd skip next time. I found the terrasse setting and quiet location of the brewery pretty cool. So was our waiter Léonie who was very attentive.Again, not a beer expert, but for a recreational drinker, I found that there was enough choice to find something interesting.
One of the most known brewers of the city, aptly named "Brewery of Montreal". The franchise has three locations in Montreal, but this one, although far from the downtown core, is worth the detour. Located in Griffintown, once an industrial neighborhood now slowly gentrifying to the pace of the new stores being opened on its pedestrian streets. Accessible by transit from a short walk from the Lucien-L'Allier metro station, this bar also sits in a bike friendly neighborhood. The patio is locatedon on a street with little or no cars, near the Lachine canal--differs from the more noisy and busy other locations.Brasseur de Montréal is known for its beers: be warned that their food menu, somewhat extensive at first sight, is deceiving. I ordered a fish and chips plate whole my fellow Yelper got a plate of nachos with extra guac. Hips were soggy and I was surprised that the fish wasn't fried in a beer batter--after all, it's a brewery! Malt vinegar wasn't available, too. The nachos were as equally deceiving, and the extra guac cane with a $2 price tag...However, the beers made up for the ffood that we ordered only as finger food. Got the IPA and La Rebelle Québécoise, and they were as described: hoppy and slightly for the IPA, and light and refreshing, with a tart endtaste for the Rebelle. Pleasant beers for patio season!I only rated three stars because of the disappointing food, but will come back for the beers. A little surprised a brewery this well-known didn't have happy hour pricing and deals.
Brasseur de Montréal, is a brewery with bad beer. Forget the food, the location, and the staff. Brasseur de Montréal serves an exhaustive array of beers that are failures individually and collectively. This is harsh, but there is really no way around it. Stop making so many beers, and focus on making one beer good.... or maybe think about becoming a restaurant....
This is a really unique place.  The decor is great, the location is off the beaten path but in the middle of everything and the service was pretty good.  Mind you I have been here a couple times but only for beer.  Great selection but honestly . . . no 5-7 prices?  Typically its two for one or at least some sort of discount.  Even a buck off a pitcher or something.  I know a lot of people who say the same.  Add a deal ANY deal and customers would feel like they got great value and will maybe come more frequently ;)
This will now become my place for happy hours. Great beers, I was impressed by the various flavours. Loved their rebelle, orientale, and stout cacao beers. However, it was hard to finish their stout with absinthe! Anyhow, it was delicious with the poutine. Just got the classic. Even for a girl, the small portion was too small and would recommend the bigger portion that wasn't that much bigger. Otherwise the other meals had fair portions.
Good bar food and excellent IPA.  This was a great local place to check out on our vacation to Montreal.  Staff was friendly and fast, smoked meat poutine was delicious and the fish and chips was well done. We shared a pitcher of the IPA which was an excellent brew.
I was looking for a restaurant in the area and this one looked like a good choice...I really wanted the Mac and cheese after seeing the picture here on yelp, but it turns out they just changed their menu last week and they no longer make the Mac and cheese :(I ended up ordering the table d'hôte which was onion soup, grilled cheese with smoke meat, and pudding Chomeur. The soup was pretty good. My main meal seemed a bit cold...both the fries and the grilled cheese. The taste was pretty good, but nothing super special about it. For the price ($18) I thought it wasn't worth it. The service was pretty good though. The restaurant is big with a very simple and plain look to it...nothing really fancy or special about it either.
I had the stout beer, which was quite good. My partner enjoyed his brown ale, as well.  I had the Montreal style ribs, which were fall-off-the-bone tender and tasty.  My partner had a burger topped with pancetta and gruyere.  The burger was fantastic!  Prices were quite reasonable, too.
Great terrasse, nice beers and good selection and super friendly and helpful servers. The patio is dog-friendly and it shows...every single time I have been here, there's been at least 5 other dogs lounging about. The only reason why I am not giving this place 5 stars is because the food is pretty 'meh': the salmon tartare was kinda tasteless, bread was hard and the salads were nothing special.
I checked in with some clients for lunch fully expecting to wait hours to get my food as per previous Yelper reviews but was decently surprised on how quickly we were served by the friendly staff.Didn't drink any alcohol (work policy) but definitely had their smoked meat poutine. The poutine was a bit too salty but it was very good nonetheless with the portion being just right. The price tag was decent as well.Location is a bit out of the way but hey, my car was still there when I left, so that's always a good thing for this part of town right? :)
My second time here. Both times have been during the winter :( + I am not a beer person. The ambiance is cool, good music but the food has been so so. 1st time I had the cheese burger and I asked AND paid for extra cheese but could not even taste it. This time I took the grilled cheese and ham. (as you can see I  cheese) I had to take out some ham because it was too much and other then that......personally I think I can make a better grilled cheese at home. I think I will try one more try and if not....it will just be off my list of "go to's". My date did enjoy his beers very much. So if you are looking for a place with good music and different beers, come try over here.
Oddly situated in an industrial - feeling area with asphalt parking lots and chain-link fence, this is nonetheless a charming little brewpub and a place you can get a bite to eat. I stayed and had a number of the beers, some decent and overall I'm impressed with this place. Worth wandering a little bit out-of-the-way for something different.
Quaint (yet large) bistro for fantastic food!  Lunch was ridiculously cheap - delicious cabbage tomato soup, beef stew and dessert for under $20 per person!  Loved the environment and you can't go wrong with the food.
The ambiance is nice, albeit far from the city center, catering mostly to those who are around GriffintownThe service is slow during peak hours (lunch for example) but it seems it's more due to the popularity than any fault of the team really.The food is nice and nicely presented, and there are good choices.Didn't try the beer unfortunately, that'll be for next time
Good beer, good food, what else is needed on a late summer night.
Been there several times and I've always had good experiences. Staff is really nice. Food is great. Right price and excellent quality. Highly recommend!
A bit out of place,Extraordinary beer.Food's not worth raving.
Follow the recommendation beer-meal.
Montreal's obsession with food and beer is something that should certainly be a welcome thing. Brasseur de Montreal is no exception to this culture. Brasseur de Montreal does produce a few very interesting and unique creations. Milliseme, and Ghosttown certainly both standing out. The former, a bourbon barrel aged, and Belgian inspired choice.  Plenty of residual malty sweetness, and a high ABV makes it a pleasing, yet deceptively intoxicating choice. The latter, an Absinthe infused stout. The Anise flavor is forward, and notable, but not overpowering. Unfortunately, the rest of the selection is fairly tame. A Vanilla stout that is pleasing, a blonde that isn't phone home worthy, but enjoyable. The food, it's fine for a pub faire. My last meal wasn't the most memorable, but I enjoyed my time drinking, and have returned to do so again since. I have every intent of Brasseur de Montreal remaining in my choices for local breweries, I just wish I could see more of their one off options.
I went to the Brasseurs de Montreal last week with a group of friends to take advantage of the first warm terrace worthy night of the summer. Truth be told I've been here a few times before with about the same results every time.To start this place has a nice terrace, in the middle of Griffin Town. I'm not sure how many it can seat but it's allot since we were ten at our table and there were quite a few other tables with groups around us and we still felt like we were the only ones there.The service always seems to be a little slow but nothing too bad and since I'm always there with friends it's nice to have the time to talk. I would like the wait staff to be quicker with the first round drinks. I wouldn't suggest Les Brasseurs de Montreal if you're in a hurry but if your out for a nice night with friends  it's a fun place to be and you might not even realize that the service is a little slow.Being a microbrewery this place makes a full compliment of beers that will please any beer drinker. I must admit that I am not a big beer drinker but every time I come here I find a beer that I like, last time we shared pitchers of sangria and that was also good. The food is your typical pub fare with burgers, bavette, nachos and sandwiches on the menu. The food is OK the quality average, it really isn't bad but you wont rant and rave about it the next day. I realized the food here was nothing to write home about when the day after I couldn't remember what I'd had for diner. Nothing about Les Brasseurs de Montreal stands out but that's what I like about it. It's a nice neighbourhood spot where you can go grab a drink and something to eat with friends on a nice terrace or even inside when the weather is cold and if the company is good you're sure to have a good time.
Well the staff was very nice at first, they helped us with our strollers and got the kids the seats they needed.  The waiter was ok, but a little slow.  The food in my opinion was the best I had sandwich wise in Montreal.  This place kicked butt!! Its a pub dont get me wrong, but the bread on our sandwiches were so tasty and done just "Perfect" it made the roast beef sandwich stand out!! My salad was good, and the whole experience was pleasent since everybody liked what they ate.  Ex: Buffalo wings, nachos, chicken sandwich, etc.....We were a group of 10. This will be the first place I come back too when in Montreal.
Simply amazing!!Have an excellent soy hot chocolate or vegan cupcakes surrounded by lovely (and open for adoption) cats.Staff is fantastic as wellAn experience!
Cafe Venosa is a vegan, cat cafe located off of Denis.  I was lured in by their cute 'cat' sign and curious to see what this cafe was all about.  I love their mission - being environmentally-conscious while focusing on reducing the animal overpopulation in shelters by adopting and having adoptable cats available to the public.  The menu offers sandwiches, wraps, and pastries, all vegan-friendly.  The cafe itself is a bit dark and musty, but it was still jam-packed when we were there. Scratch posts are laid out sporadically with little hammocks in which cats were napping away.  When the hubs and I walked in, there was a cute black and white cat, sitting by the sink, just staring at the patrons waiting in line. HA!  On little tables, there are even lint rollers, just in case you were getting all touch-happy and have to clean yourself afterwards.  Even though we were both allergic to cats, it was interesting to check this place out :P+vegan cafe+adoptable cats available+lint rollers available
I really like the premise of this place: let a bunch of cute (rescued) cats hang out, roaming freely amongst the patrons, enough to give someone a chance to fall in love with one of them and adopt. Plus, the cats are entertaining, with their shenanigans.This is a vegan café and you'll understand why once you go there - other than promoting the ethics of veganism, honestly, if you had meat on your plate, you'd have a cat swarm in no time. We had a friendly little fellow hop up and make nicey-nice so that we'd let him/her lick the 'butter' (margarine, I assume) off our knives. This place has great coffee, and really awesome treats like cupcakes and donuts, plus a nice (but quite limited) lunch menu. I personally think they'd do really well to actually bring in some breakfast items for the menu, because the brunch crowd is hungry, dear Venosa. Still, the lack of breakfast or brunch items on the menu means you don't have hordes of people on a Saturday or Sunday morning, so it's calm and quiet and ... cats. Even a bit wider variety on the lunch menu would be appreciated. Friendly and fun staff, cozy seating (the cats like it) and great music. I left with the warm fuzzies... eh, maybe a little too fuzzy... er, furry. Don't worry, though - they have a whole basket of lint rollers to clean yourself off with before you leave.
CATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cats everywhere!nice cat café in le plateau a short walk away from l'avenue.the main attraction here is obviously cats but just not any kind of cats, they are rescued cats that you can adopt if you choose so.place is spacious and extremely quiet. as for the cats, they roam everywhere but the kitchen which is closed off. you can pet the cats, don't pick them up though and yes, if you're lucky, they'll come and join your table or couch.as for the café itself, coffee is fair trade and milk is vegan as everything else in the menu. personally, the coffee is too weak and the milk overpowers whatever notes in said coffee. in a nutshell, all you're drinking is a cup of milk with a slight coffee flavor. some enjoy this, i personally don't.service is on the slow side but i'm ok with this as you come here for the cats and to relax a bit.if you dream of hanging with cats or just a fucking crazy cat person, this is a worthy place. if you have cats or dating someone with cats, it's a toss up
Came here with a friend because i've always wanted to go to a cat cafe. There were four cats when I was here, but they were all sleeping. Still super cute though! This cafe is all vegan which is awesome. I ordered a flat white, which I've been craving ever since becoming vegan. The flat white is very yummy. This is a good place to chill with a friend and pet some cats :)
OK. I did NOT know this type of cafe existed in North America. My friend and I were looking for a place to get work done in Montreal when we stumbled across this cafe. With a giant cat symbol on the window, I thought it was only cat themed. But then I saw a live cat resting by the window, and that was the end of my search for a cafe. Walking inside, it was perfect. The large tables for work, free Wifi, cute ambience, availability of food and snacks, and 4-5 cats, some kittens. Smitten with kittens. They have some little toys and stairs for these little critters as well as feeding time, where they let the guests give the cats some snacks. I have to say that I probably could have gotten more work done, but who cares when there are kittens around. They are really friendly, and where my cat would probably claw you to death for a belly rub, the ones here are decidedly docile. As for the food, it's a vegan place, meaning you get a choice of soy or almond milk to go with your coffee. The coffee itself was OK. The flat white was excellent. The tempeh wrap was decent (I originally wanted the quiche, but they were out). The parfait and caprese sandwich were also great.It's a great and unique experience. 5-stars!
Nice little cat cafe on St-Denis with a cool ambiance and comfy sofa. The hot drinks are bit too sugary for my taste, but that could be to the reason they use almond or soy milk which tends to be sweet. It's a nice place to study or do some work, if you don't get too distracted by cute cuddly cats. Yep, I'll come back there again.
I really enjoyed this place. My earl grey tea infused with caramel was delightful. Ditto my vegan parfait. I have no idea how one makes vegan yogurt- but I am happy to report it tastes just as good if not better than "the real thing." My parfait was loaded with freshly cut fruit. Jason L was very happy with his homemade scone.The cats were numerous, and very friendly. I grew particularly fond, of a big tuxedo-ed guy, who stole my straw right from my glass and proceeded to play with it the rest of our visit. A number of the other cats came right up to our table and demanded pets and snuggles. There was a wide range of both kittens and older cats. Most of the cats are adoptable- which I think is awesome! It's a brilliant way to socialize otherwise skittish cats. There appears to be a lot of crevices,beds, and hiding places for the cats- a good way to keep them from becoming overstimulated by their admirers. The cafe itself was clean and spacious. Unlike some cat cafes - which can feel musty- Cafe Verona was very modern and bright. It did not suffer from cat odor. To summarize; Cafe Venosa is a great place to relax and to  get away from the hustle and bustle of city life.
Cats. Coffee. Cute everything. Hell yeah.So this was my first visit to a cat café in general, and I definitely wasn't disappointed.The whole establishment is vegan which frankly makes a lot of sense to me given the fact that we're all animal lovers here (why do the other cat cafés not have more vegan stuff??). We just grabbed (inexpensive) iced coffees but I'll definitely be back to try other stuff.In terms of space and atmosphere, it was perfect- there's a cozy inclosed patio space with twinkle lights where the cats seem particularly happy. The inside of the café is adorable with lots of saturated-colour item furniture; great artwork; lots of cat paraphernalia; and soft, ephemeral tunes playing.The only down side was maybe that there were only four cats in the whole establishment and they're clearly very used to a lot of affection from patrons. Needless to say, for the most part the kitties were not interested in hanging out with us. I reckon this is probably a regular thing for cat cafés. They were still fun to look at though! Oh, and all of the cats are available for adoption!
This was my very first cat cafe experience and was I pleasantly surprised how much I love this place that we've been back here every morning.  The place is clean, the staff and cats are all very friendly and welcoming, and the best part is they have a little kitten!!!   They have a large amount of board games, very comfortable seating, front and back patio.  The decor in this place is beautiful. Food wise they serve vegan food which is a pleasant change after a weekend indulgence of massive poutine. Many options for drinks: anything from filtered coffee, espressos, matcha lattes, to espresso milkshakes!If you are visiting Montreal, you definitely will be walking down St Denis-- you must stop by this place.
What a lovely cat café! My 4 year-old and I had such a wonderful visit here last week. My daughter just asked me this morning when we can return for another cupcake, cocoa and most of all, to play with the cats. And unlike some of the other cat cafés in Montreal, supervised children are welcome at Café Venosa. The owner is a doll. I am not sure how she vets her cats, but all of the cats are so friendly and out-going. We could have stayed all day. We will certainly be back very soon.
This coffee shop is absolutely amazing I love their service the atmosphere and their prices and by the way the company of the cats I would highly recommend it to anybody who's looking for a cozy place to unwind and that are vegetarian and vegan. But also this is not just a regular coffee shop it's also an adoption center for cats so when you talk about having a business with humanity behind it this is the place to be.
This place is 1000% vegan and SO DELICIOUS! All the sandwiches are worth trying & don't miss the potato salad. They have great selections of coffee drinks & you must try the toasted marshmallow Italian soda! So fun to be surrounded by the cute kitties, which are all up for adoption!
As far as 'cat cafes' the best interior.  Staff was friendly.  I know I'm a 'douche' for liking cream, etc w coffee.  The coffee was worst part for me; i don't like soya/almond.  Be nice to have more variety for customers.  Less cats than other cat cafes.  Loved the cat staircase and chalk wall in bathroom.  One time visit.
I definitely recommend this cafe I wish they opened one up in Toronto! I enjoyed my experience here so much I came here two days in a row during my weekend visit. The staff were so friendly and helpful. The cats were so friendly as well. there's this one kitten that stole my heart Cosmo. The ambient is hip cool modern and comfortable. The cafe is clean and I smelled no trace of kitty litter or stench even though there were at least 6 cats which were all so well behaved. You can adopt them too - I'm a huge supporter of animal adoption. They have vegan food and their prices are extremely reasonable. Coffees range from$2-$4.75 desserts $2.25-4.75, sandwiches soups salads from $3.75-$8 which is cheaper than other food along St.Denis. I recommend this cafe and would definitely come back!!
We stumbled upon this vegan cat cafe rather serendipitously. The baristas speak both French and English, and are warm and attentive.  We ordered a drip coffee, chai latte, chocolate chip cookie, and quiche--all of which were unbelievably delicious and extremely affordable. There's free WiFi, and comfortable seating throughout. You can come alone or with a group to the cafe.Prices are extremely affordable and great quality. The cats are, naturally, adorable and friendly.What's more about this cat cafe (beyond its vegan menu) is that the cats are all available to be adopted. I wanted to take one home to Toronto! Even if you're not vegan and looking for a great cafe, I highly recommend this place. The food is delicious, the service is great, and the cats are fantastic.
This cat cafe was amazing! We actually visited another cat cafe the same day (Café Chat l'heureux) and Cafe Venosa was much much better. As we came in, we fell in love with the decor and the atmosphere of the place. It's very quiet (though the music was great) and really does have a coffee shop feel. The staff were super lovely. We ordered a dirty chai and tomato soup, not realizing it was vegan. It was some of the best coffee and soup I've ever had.The cats were very sweet and although they weren't necessarily all over you, that was nice. They were very playful, chasing each other and running around. Super cute. Plus, all the cats (except one resident cat), are "fosters" from the SPCA. This shop isn't just buying cats; they're actually helping lots of cats get adopted and find new homes. We thought that was sweet.Overall, I highly recommend this cafe. It's lovely and the cats make it even better. :)
They definitely have THE BEST chai tea latte, it's very very rich with the perfect amount of spice!! omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My eyes opened so wide after the first sip like "What? We have a puppy for Christmas?" kind of surprise. Their baked goods sit on the counter all day, but are delicious. A cookie is $3 (tax included). Fantastic service!! The music is odd. Sometimes extremely quiet, sometimes loud. Since we were the only people talking, I felt SO BAD when the piano music is dramatic and quiet. It's like I'm giving an inspirational tear-jerking speech. Which leads me to conclude that this is a superb study spot! It is so quiet in the mornings, plenty of outlets all around the cafe.Friendly staff!
Kitsune is a small little coffee shop that located off of Prince Arthur.  They have coffee and tea beverages, as well as a small selection of pastries.  I tried their Chai Tea Latte, and it was served in a small glass cup.  It was creamy, not too sweet, and had a nice amount of foam, sprinkled with some cinnamon on top.  Service was super friendly, and there are communal high-tops to enjoy your beverages, do some work, or do some studying.  +chai tea latte+friendly staff+free wi-fi
An adorable little place in this cute part of town, it's decidedly casual with a large communal table and a few other areas for seating. It has a rustic charm. I got a coffee, which was brewed perfectly as well as a chocolate chip cookie. They actually had multiple types. They also had an assortment of muffins that were delicious. Great service and free wifi.
What a wonderful cafe.Everything you need: great espresso, minimal decor, quiet atmosphere, good wi-fi.. I could go on and on.Highly recommended as your new go-to for coffee in the  lower Plateau.
Love this café. It's very close to where I live and it's not so expensive. They have amazing rich coffee and their chai tea latte is to die for. I definitely recommend getting their chai tea iced. I'm very picky with chai tea lattes. I hate them at almost every café BUT Kitsune's! It's very rich and creamy. It's to die for, especially when it's iced! Even talking about it now makes me want to go and get it.... Ok I'm definitely going to get it.Oh, and the wifi is great and the café is visually appealing.As for the seating.. The chairs are not that comfortable and it gets crowded pretty fast. There is a seating area in the back outside so that's a plus. But laptops are definitely welcomed!
After seeing Yelp pictures of the cute cat stamps on the to go coffee cups, I thought that I'd have to check this place out.If you love coffee and often in the downtown area, then you'd want to check this place out.Ordered the Gibraltar and it was very good.  My friend ordered the chai latté and I think she liked it too.  Would have loved to order the cookies or muffins to eat but didn't feel like the ideal place to sit and chat here.  The front part of the shop has a long table but it was full of people with their laptops. It seems like a definite quiet place to study.We sat on the back terrace and it was quiet as well, but it was hard to have a conversation.  We preferred to face each other but how the seating is arranged, you are sitting next to each other.And yup, seems hipster in here.  Seeing the bike dock IN the store was cool too.
Kitsuné has a very "hip" atmosphere. They have a huge table and stools for sitting which allows you to share the table with others so you end up talking to new people. There's a huge signage in the bag which looks great. Haven't been in the backyard because I never visited during the summer. The ambience is definitely a 5-star.As for the coffee, I enjoyed my latte but it wasn't something that truly stood out. Therefore, giving it a 3-star.
I give them 2.5 because I don't really like their coffee - too acidic and sour tasting for me. The cafe itself is quite chic and has a cool hipster vibe that is characteristic of Montreal. Close to St. Laurent and McGill, you can find a lot of people working here at times so it might be hard to get a seat. The cafe is popular within the St Laurent Boulevard area, but I prefer Pikolo Espresso Bar on Parc Ave.
The wooden accents makes this cafe a great afternoon relaxing spot. I usually not a chai latte person, but the one they made here was not too shabby. I wish they had more seats though and more electrical outlets. That would make this a great study spot. If you browse around the back of the cafe, you'll find a hipster little corner with typewriters and books. Be sure to try their bake goods though!
great atmospher and awesome coffee!The selection of books speaks for itself as well as the cold brew coffee! Go there if you have the chance!
Beautifully designed space with a cool communal table. The soy latte I got was just right, and served in a small glass. The cookies looked delicious.
to catch up with my friend. after entering we realized that this café is too tiny for 2 girls to talk (girls often sound loud, right?)... but there were others having conversation so anyway we stayed there, which was right decision.coffee tastes bitter gooood. one of my favourite in mtl actually. interior decoration was so cool and fashionable. i was just wondering why their name is in japanese...its cute though.i will come back for their gibraltar and huge cookie, but try to stay more calm maybe.
High quality espresso drinks, nice decor and interior bike parking. Staff are always friendly. Not a ton of seating during the school year as it gets packed with McGill students pretending to study.
Had a show across the way at Petit campus and my friend suggested going to this place. So cute! Limited seating but they do fresh pressed juices as well. I had a latte and it was quite delightful. Loved the subway tile and vibe of this place. Kinda tucked away, just slightly off the main street with only a little coffee mug to mark it's spot. Didn't get to try any of their baked goods that people have mentioned but I would definitely come back, their coffee was the perfect pick me up.
Very hip spot, but despite that the staff is still kind and won't condscend you!  VERY stylish cafe, with excellent drinks.  I didn't try any of the snacks, but it looked like they had some pretty tasty cookies out for the customers.  I will say that it can be very quiet in there with everyone sitting at the table in the middle clicking away at laptops with heaphones on, and you will get some dirty looks from the patrons when you walk in if you're not "one of them".  Very cool spot, worth checking out if you're a coffee/espresso lover!
We ordered our iced americanos and saw that several people before us had gotten their drinks, and about 10 minutes went by and we didn't get our drinks. We had to ask the barista and he forgot about our drinks. Besides that, the interior is nice and the coffee was alright. Hopefully the baristas don't have a habit of forgetting people's drinks!
Awesome spot to get some work done and enjoy a good espresso. One of my favorite cafés in the city.
I'm always a sucker for really cute, swanky, and semi-hipster cafes...and Kitsune definitely fits the bill! :) We were wandering around Montreal and stopped by Kitsune for a quick pick-me-up. We had espressos and it was very delightful! Beautiful balance of a nice dark and bitter roast. Beautiful. They have a few selections of pastries available as well. The decor is very homey--with "Kitsune" spelt out in lights on the back wall and rustic/vintage, high swiveling wooden chairs.
Amazing coffee, superb ambiance, extremely friendly stuff. What else do you expect from a cafe?! Definitely my new fav place. Why?Not as crowded and smelly as Neve.Myriade doesn't have wifi. Kitsune does.Humble Lion's sour (edit: not anymore) espresso? Arts Cafe (on Fairmount) is little too far. (edit: plus have rude service)
Dropped in earlier this morning for a latté to go. Was welcomed with a smile by the staff, who catered to both French and English speaking customers with enthusiasm. They seemed to have yummy muffins and cookies but I wasn't hungry, so didn't get to try them. The space is pretty cool, with a high table and a world map hanging on the wall right behind. Lots of wood, with an industrial feel to the place. Crowd was kinda hip and good looking, but not pretentious. All in all, good value for your money - they make a good almond milk latté and it's also a nice place to sit down and relax, right off the Main.
Delicious coffee, great vibes. I always order latte, though I order tea sometimes. Too bad Kitsune doesn't offer a wide range of tea.Downside: It is usually hard to find a seat, many people bring their laptop to study there.However, great ambiance.
This was the best soy latte I have ever had on the entire east coast. They don't make iced coffee (although they can make an iced americano) but who cares. They use barista series soy milk and it's one of the few times I've gotten latte art with soy.Atmosphere is cozy, lots of people with laptops out, all sitting along one long communal table. Also, for american tourists: they accept credit card, unlike Pikolo down the street.
Great little shop. Funky and industrial. Very good coffee. Not the best in town but not far off.  They have decent seating areas and wifi also.
Hey Kitsune, firstly totally appreciate the awesome typography sign. Coooool. Also, cute Batista twin haircuts. Now that that's out of the way - solid coffee. Seemed like a library since just about everyone was on a laptop. Good magazine selection to read with your cuppa coffee. Wouldn't go out of my way for it but a goodie in the area.
*update as of end of 2015*love the shop, its decor and vibe but the coffee though. cold brew is great but not espresso based. its pretty classic in coffee notes so expect chocolate, caramel, toffee, molasses. not satisfying enough for me.the indoor bicycle rack is a nice touch (so no more need to hunt down a spot for your bike) as well as the terrace in the back that let in a really needed breeze of fresh air in one of those really humid day.anyway, great shop, ok coffee. shame
This place is ok, the ambience is nice and it's a good location but it can get crowded. They have a terrace but it's really small and can fit maybe 3 groups of people max. I also ordered an iced americano which the barista forgot about. People in front of me were all getting their drinks and eventually I had to go and ask about it. There was only one barista working but it wasn't very busy, hopefully it's just a one time thing!
BEST SPOT TO STUDY! I always come here to study during the day. It's pretty quiet and a small, cosy place. I love their decoration and the employees there are very friendly. It's a good spot during the day, as it closes early at night. I sometimes just wish Kitsune was bigger, but at the same time what makes it Kitsune is that its a small cosy coffee place.
I went this place not too long after they opened. It's border-line pretentious, but they have very good coffee to back up the attitude, so I'll let it slide.They have wifi, but only tall tables/stools. They're still good to do some work from, but I usually find those tables a bit of a hassle when it's really busy.
Little hidden gem.This little cafe is a real delight. Food/drink : The coffee is delicious and so was the tea. The pastries and cookies were also great. Everything is simple, but in this case simple is best!Service: the girl at the counter is very nice! Be a little patient, she's alone doing everything, so kudos.Ambience : very laid back, nice eclectic decor (blend of retro, rustic, zen). Don't neglect the little terrace in the back!
Atmosphere is cozy, coffee is great, service is friendly. If you haven't been here it's a must try.
Great little place on Prince Arthur, not too far from the Main. I love the decor - lots of wood with a minimalist feel but a great vibe. The coffee's great and they have a good selection of baked goods - my recommendation? The brownie. YUMMMMMMMMM!The price list is pretty good - you'll pay less for a latte here than you will at a Starbucks or Second Cup. A Chai latte + decadent brownie will set you back a whole $7. Not bad considering the brownie was huge. Service was nice. Will go back. Check it!
Been here twice. One of the tastiest Americanos I've ever had. So rich! Not sure what they're doing right. Free wifi and a fair bit of workspace. They just need more comfortable seats.
I was looking forward to trying out Kitsune because a friend recommended it to me as being the most amazing place to get a latte in Montreal. I stopped in and my friend and I ordered two almond milk iced lattes. Mine was made perfectly, and my friend got what looked to be milk and ice cubes. It seemed as though I got all of the espresso and she didn't get any. When asking about it (we ordered the same thing and they looked very different) he said they were the same. The lattes were $4 each and we ended up throwing my friends out and sharing mine. I'm giving the 3 stars for inconsistency in their product. However the guy working was so sweet we didn't want to make him upset so if it wasn't for him and the awesome atmosphere of Kitsune I would have given this place 1 star (which rarely happens with me)!
Cool spot... too bad the owners and patronage know it. Maybe I chose a bad day and time but this place came off as a bit pretentious. good coffee though.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.They have limited options for coffee, but this is fine because what they do have is delicious (except the chai latte - but that might just be my own personal taste). The prices are fair for an independent café and the staff is the best! It is a great place to study with GREAT music. I can stay here all day studying by the window:) It is also very quiet so it is perfect for someone wanting peace to do work or read.DON'T come here if you are with a loud group.
Very cute space with delicious espresso drinks. Super nice service in French or English!
Love this place! Great ambiance, great staff and unique, great-tasting coffee!
Absolutely outstanding.  The two guys running it when we visited were really friendly, genuine and down to earth.The muffins (sweet potato, apples, brown sugar, nuts) were amazing.  The yogurt with black cherry and granola was sublime and was made on premises.  We also ordered orange juice and watched them squeeze the fruits to make it.My cappuccino was excellent; my wife had peach-vanilla (?) tea which was also great.We rarely give 5 star reviews but this experience, the ambiance (check out the back room al fresco custom-made benches seating area), and the service made the cut.And - loved the 3D school map of the world hanging on the wall!
Great vibe and perfect location.   A combo hipster meets startup meets the rest of us kinda place :)
coffee is great, hits the spot for the Cali girl in Montreal winter here!!  sweet they have an indoor bike rack for winter.
Best cappuccino in Montreal! The space is very small but not cramped. Seems to be a student hangout/good place to study. Baristas were extremely friendly.
Great stuff, good prices.
Great coffee, all brewed to a high level of perfection. They were using beans from a Halifax roaster the times I went in. They have a nice variety of baked goods inside. The interior is quite pretty, with some cool magazines and stylish tables.
You'll get some of the best espresso in Montreal here. It's small, so not a great place to set up shop to do work or relax for ages, but great to grab a quick macchiato. After sampling the coffee at all of the (allegedly) best places in Montreal, it's clear that Kitsuné serves the best cup.
Definitely one of the places I miss most about the JTM neighborhood! My favorite is the beef lemongrass with a Vietnamese iced coffee. I keep meaning to try their bun buh wei because all the Vietnamese people seem to go their to have their noodles. Their sticky rice is also very good.It's also a great snack to bring to the movie theaters :P (especially if someone is blocking your view).
This all in one stop for crispy banh mi, perfect iced coffee and really good bun bo hue is one of my favourite quick bites. I've been coming here for a few years and got hooked by their banh mis. They also have curry and bun bo hue which was exquisite for a hole in the wall type of resto.What determines a good banh mi is all about the bread and sauce. The bread MUST be crispy on the outside and still soft and warm on the inside. The first bite should only be determined by the crunch of the bread and the flaky crust that falls on your shirt. I usually only get the grilled chicken and their Vietnamese cold cuts sandwich. They start by spreading the bread with their homemade Viet butter/mayo, a very thick layer I may add. They're pretty decent with the amount of meat they put in and it's never dry. They top it off with pickled carrots and radishes, cucumber and cilantro. Their sauce is thick and just the perfect amount of sweetness. They accomplished the balance of flavors in the sauce, the ratio of bread to meat and freshens everything up with the pickled vegs. Dont forget to try their ice coffee and bubble tea. This is definitely a place when I want something crispy as well as soupy. Ordering a banh Mi and Bun Bo Hue is always the way to go! If you buy ten sandwiches they throw in a free one, who does like free 99! I often get a banh mi for long road trips and it still stays so crispy and good after six hours in the car. I would definitely recommend this place for a good cheap bite!
I first came here when it first opened a few years back. I am rarely in this area and due to traffic and parking issues, I don't come here often. I forgot how good it is here. This is now my new all-time favourite banh mi place. I got the classic meat banh mi, the shredded pork banh mi, the nem banh mi and the meatball banh mi. It was all excellent!!! The best 16$ invested this week lol! It is so good that I would gladly take on traffic and parking problems! This place also offers other vietnamese dishes, desserts and drinks along with the infamous vietnamese iced coffee. Only 4$ for a 10" sandwich and if you buy 10 at once, you get the 11th free. The service is great, fast and more than reasonably priced.
We stopped by Marche Hung Phat to try out their Banh Mi after visiting Jean-Talon Market. There is always room for good food!There was a short line but it moved quite fast. Everyone was ordering Banh Mi to go and so did we! For $4 a nice Vietnamese sandwich is a good deal. The thing I enjoyed the most was the bun with crusty exterior and soft and moist interior.Love the pickled carrot and daikon toppings. Extra Thai chili please!I am not sure if Marche Hung Phat serves the best Banh Mi in Montreal but I can tell you that the one I had was excellent.Skip the Vietnamese Cold Coffee though.. it was meh....
By far the best place to come for Banh mi that I've found in Montreal. $4 for a delicious flavourful sandwich of crunchy fresh baguette and contrasting yet crazy delicious flavour. If you haven't had a Vietnamese sandwich you need to get your butt down here to try one. Stop eating subway or smoked meat.... Vietnamese subs are 10X better. I've come here twice in the last few weeks and my mouth is seriously salivating for more. Both my orders were for a B2. Get one....it's loaded with meat, veggies spicy small green peppers win mayo and Vietnamese pate and bacon. It's like an explosion of flavour in your mouth that is crunchy and delicious. The best way I can describe it is a loaded sandwich one of the best in Montreal hands down. If Banh mi is your deal you need to come here to load up your fridge. Great stuff folks. Only the best!
Food should be eaten when it's fresh. That means most pizza's should be enjoyed at the shop, take out Chinese should be the exception rather than the rule, and restaurant meals should be completed at the table whenever possible.Banh mi actually travel quite well, especially when packed properly. This place separates the vegetables from the meat, so that when you reheat the sandwich in the oven (350 F - for 10 to 15 minutes) they don't wilt.The thing is that I live hundreds of miles away, so when my delivery of sandwiches came, they needed a bit of TLC to be brought back to life. If the decision is between fresh banh mi from upstate New York, or a slightly aged sandwich from Marche Hung Phat, I'm going with the imported sandwich every time.What a delicious treat. I had the number one with ham, cha lua, and pate. But this has everything going on. Let me see if I can capture it. Crispy crust, tender crumb, meaty ham, funky pate, creamy dressing, crunchy cucumber, sweet pickles, hot pepper, warm bread, cool veggies, and all of it was in a gloriously harmonious balance. To really get a true sense of the place, I have to get up to Montreal and try several of their freshly made sandwiches. But I'm such a fan, that I could not resist the chance to weigh in on their banh mi excellence. Thanks to all of you who bring me delicious things from all over the world. I'm very lucky indeed.
Best bahn-mi in Montreal. Worth the visit. You will be back. I order B1 with no sauce and extra hot peppers. The best!!!
I drive from from decarie and the 40 to get me some of that delicious bahn mi.The flavors are fantastic, the price is right. Call in advance for big orders (I usually grab between 20-30 of them for the guys at work, they all trip out over these magic sandwiches)
Love love their Vietnamese subs. They're so good and cheap! They also have a variety of ready made foods that you can grab for a quick meal. They also have a few grocery items available to purchase as well. Great for cheap eats!
I love Banh Mi sandwiches and I was recommended this place which is conveniently located at the corner of Jean-Talon / St-Denis. Once you walk in, on your right you pass by a long SUPER SHINY table where patrons can enjoy their food. On your left is an open fridge area where you can pick up your desired drink, dessert and so forth. On the far right there's a deli counter where you can order your food and watch it get prepared for you in front of you. Just make sure to pay attention during the preparation and not share my fate.I went with their #1 Banh Mi sandwich and overall it was pretty good. For a mere $4 you have this huge beast of a hoagie with the ingredients you want . The bread was perfect, the ingredients were fresh and it would have been a solid 4 star experience... if the person who did my sandwich understood correctly that I did not want my Banh Mi to be spicy. NO SPICY? MO' SPICY? Being someone who's not a fan of spicy and would much rather taste the sandwich for what it is... I felt the spiciness diminished my BANH MI EXPERIENCE! (-1).All in all, I may try again... one day.
my favorite banh mi joint in town. well, the one i go most often to as i live nearby.the banh mi are dirty cheap, simple and really good. i always stick with the regular or the gelatinous pork one and always always get it with extra thai chili because i need that spicyness in my vietnamese food.besides banh mi, they serve soups too but its more of an afterthought. and they have a cold prepared food section where you can get cured pork, che (pudding) and other stuff. i don't bother with that section since i can always ask my mom to call her contacts and get it straight from the source so you know its as fresh as it can be like right off the stove fresh ;p
Just a bright little window ledge with a few seats, a counter where you order, and a few shelves of vietnamese snacks and dried soups, some fridges with prepared foods. The best Bahn Mi in the area, and there are some good ones. The chicken curry noodle soup is nice too especially on a rainy day. The service is friendly and smiling and things are made fresh for the most part. A great spot to grab a sandwich before a picnic in the park.
Awesome banh mi! They also make great bubble tea, which is hard to find (good or otherwise) in the area!
Discovered this place in my neighborhood not too long ago and have been going back on a weekly basis. Please refrain from going to the Subway next door and try this type of sandwich instead. Best banh mi in town. Price/Quality ratio unbeatable. Lots of variety. I even treated  my co-workers to some recently because I just HAD to share the joy. Yummy!
Great banh mi, reasonably priced. Soups are not bad either. Majority of the customers are Vietnamese, which gives the place a bit of "authentic" feel.
The marinated pork banh mi (bì) was pretty good but I wish they were a little more generous on the vegetables and on the meat. The flavours were nice but the quantity of stuffing compared to the bread could be better.
My new place is across the street from this joint, and when we signed the lease we were very excited about being so close to our FAVOURITE Vietnamese sandwich shop in Montreal.They know their stuff. Not much more to say but good sandwiches, casual atmosphere (you order, pay and receive your food at the counter, unless you get a soup or something, and then you can stay and eat at their tables or take it to go). Super affordable (all sandwiches are under $5). My favourite is the tofu. YUMMMMM.They close at 7pm.Update: I've gotten sick from the pork ball sandwich twice, unfortunately. That one is like playing Russian roulette.
Banh mi! I am not vietnamese but i love vietnamese food. I've tried so many in town for many years. A lot opened and a few closed but this one survived because its the best in town.
They have a lot of variety of sandwiches! When I first tried it, I was a little bit disappointed by the beef sandwich. However, that happens to any place with plenty of variety: you like some and you hate some. I came back for the original sandwich, and it was like the one I ate all my childhood. Really good. It's also very cheap, going for 3,50$ each. They also do it in front of you, all customized and very fast service.
Solid brunch!We tried to go to L'Avenue which apparently had rockstar reviews on Yelp but the line was winding around the corner and we were bordering "hangry."  I have never been one to wait for hours in a line to eat acclaimed food; though I consider myself a wannabe foodie, I cannot tell the huge difference between five star-wait-3-hours food and four star-don't-wait-but-still-damn-good food.  There are diminishing returns at a point. Anyway, we wandered into this place, which is cavernous and huge.  Sort of maze like layout which makes me think it was built and then added on to over the years.  Casual tavern type atmosphere.Told to sit anywhere we like so settled by a small table near the open porch (the porch itself was packed on this fine July day). Tried to decipher the menu with my high school French and settled on the 2 egg breakfast. A steal for Montreal.  2 eggs over medium, a generous helping of fresh fruit, toast, country potatoes and bacon, coffee, and OJ for something like 8 bucks. Totally refueled us for our marathon trek up Mount Royal and back around town for the rest of the day. Friendly service with no pressure (almost wish there were some pressure) to pay the check (which you do up front). Most customers appear to be locals, French speaking.  I recommend this place if you're looking for a friendly local place for pretty standard brunch fare at a more than reasonable price and don't want to wait hours for the gourmet stuff.
Good service and large quantity of food for the price. The ingredient quality was lacking a bit and service fell apart at the end.
It's a good restaurant for breakfast in Montreal  though it can be much better. The blueberry crèpe i had wasn't extraordinary with frozen blueberry.   And there was no french toast on the menu ( it's really a must for a breakfast restaurant in Montreal!). And there were just a tiny quantity of maple syrup with the crepe (try Universel restaurant on Peel street for french toast and lots of maple syrup!).The service was ok but they don't fill our coffees and i had to ask for a refill to have more coffee.Not bad but you can find much better breakfast restaurants in Montreal !  Bon un restaurant de brunch sur le plateau, disons que je n'ai pas été émerveillé par la qualité de la nourriture, bonne mais plutôt ordinaire, j'avais commandé une crêpe au bleuets elle était bonne mais les bleuets était clairement surgelés. De plus il n'y a pas de pain doré un incontournable et vous avez droit à seulement une petite quantité de sirop d'érable (essayer le restaurant universel rue peel pour du sirop d'érable à volonté, de l'excellent pain doré ainsi que des toasts fourni avec le repas). Et le service est ordinaire il devrait laisser du café en quantité suffisante sur la table si les serveuse ne passe pas régulièrement au tables car j'ai du demandé d'autre café.Pas mal mais loins de la qualité des autres endroits à déjeuner à Montréal.
Thanks for yelp, I found this awesome brunch place on my last trip in Montreal.Great brunch menuFrench menu ONLY, staff speaks EnglishEverything is good on the menuSpacious, no wait Worth the visit if you are in MontrealHighly recommend !
The way French brunch should be. The way all brunch should be. New Yorkers think they know brunch. I thought I did too. Then there was this. This is a game-changer. Like brunch itself is a game changer.You need more game.Eggs Benedict. Fresh OJ. Beautiful people. This place should be a song. Who has Pharrell's number? More stuff.
Maybe I'm the odd ball out if everyone gave it such high reviews but I really wasn't impressed. There was nothing healthy to eat on the brunch menu so opted out for a coffee instead (which was not fantastic). The service was super slow. For the people who did eat at my table, they were not too impressed either. I wouldn't go back
Came here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning. This place is in the Plateau district and is heavily French-speaking. Regardless, I managed to order a benedicts dish and it was really tasty. I'd come back again. Recommended.
Went there during a break between client visits. Food was good, waitresses were nice.I loved the bathroom wall hehThe place isnt fantastically designed but it has character..
There is something both pretty and ramshackle about La Petite Marche (watchout for that small step) with it's narrow, romantic wooden terasse on St Denis, wooden details, successive rooms opening with columns, theatrical inner space, cozy corners with benches... Directly across from the National Theatre School and full of food and drink at fairly student-friendly prices, La Petite Marche often hums with the young, focused, inspired energy of a highly competitive arts school.The plates are bountiful, bright, fresh and filling, perfect to sit and graze on through from breakfast to afternoon. The menu is several pages of fairly standard Quebecois cafe food done with heart and a big spirit. Tasty on several levels.
The brunch plates were big and beautiful but we experienced very poor service (part of our meal was forgotten and our food arrived lukewarm). I'd probably give this place another chance...eventually.
Really not a huge fan. I've been here 3-4 times. Each time I'm a little underwhelmed. There's just nothing that stands out that I can comment on. Nothing's bad, don't get me wrong. I just can't give it 4 stars. The building itself is super weird. Have a good look around. Everything's been built and renovated by an amateur. Electrical plugs without covers, unfinished ceramics, holes in the drywall, etc... The owner has no attention to detail. It's been the same for years now! Everything feels like an unfinished project.
I used to like to go to La Petite Marche for breakfast, but in the past year or so, I started thinking that there are many better places to go. I think the quality of the food went down in the past year or two. Although their breakfast deals are pretty cheap, it gets quite expensive if you order items à la carte, and the quality of the food is disappointing. The baguette bread is not real baguette :( and the rest of the food is just OK, no more. Espresso drinks are fine, though. The place is quite big, so it's a good option for groups that are not too picky about the food. The bathroom downstairs has such a strange setup (two toilet bowls side by side in the same room?!). The decor is nice, and if you get to sit on the patio or near the windows, you can enjoy the light outside. Whenever my friends ask me to meet up with them at that place, I go eat there... but I won't be the one who picks that place for breakfast.
Meh. You get what you pay for, I guess. Average food for a cheap price naturally draws huge crowds for the Sunday brunch... But honestly... They even decided to put tables in the basement to accommodate more people...The service is always fresh and pretty but also hit or miss :)
One of the best breakfast places in Montreal. Cozy , cute & lots of natural light in or a cute patio for the summer . Fast service. Often packed . Go early
So I was looking for a good brunch place near the Le Plateau-Mont Royal area, and Yelp led me to this place. Let me just say that the portions are HUGE. For around $18, including tip, you can get a hearty breakfast of eggs, toast, potatoes with herbs, a bowl of fruit -- cantaloupe, honeydew, pineapple, strawberry, grapes, oranges (more fruits than I've eaten in a loooong time), sausage, bacon, smoked salmon, a coffee, orange juice, etc. And this is just one order. The food was all well-done, but rather unremarkable overall. But for the value, it simply cannot be beat. Service was cordial and attentive. No complaints -- the food was well-executed, just nothing particularly exciting. Overall a solid brunch spot.
Excellent brunch.  I had the crepes with cheese and mushrooms, with a side of great fresh fruit.  Everyone at our table was quite pleased with their selection.  Great setting and good atmosphere.  Lots of seating available, so good for groups.
This is probably my favorite breakfast place in Montreal. Food is fresh, yummy, colorful, i just really love it all. I used to work around the corner so I grabbed take-out at least 3-4times a week, sometimes for bfast, lunch or dinner. As good as it gets.
Went there twice - Once for drinks, once for lunch. Staff is nice. Beer is cold. food is good.
awesome! love love it
Short trip to Montreal and this place was recommended to us by a friend/local.  The service was nice and the food was very tasty.  Kindof exactly what you want from a Montreal brunch.
It's going to feel awkward standing in one doorway after another, feeling in the way of busy servers looking for somebody, anybody to tell you where to sit. You'll be tempted to tap someone speeding by with a tray in their hands to ask for a hostess in  what feels like three big houses stitched together to make the restaurant that is La Petite Marche. Worry not weekend bruncher, they see you and they will get you tucked in at a table so you can have a long, leisurely brunch consisting of so many wonderful flavors - just for you. *If you can talk your way into the skylight room do it - great light and adds to the whole experience.Lots of menus will be handed to you, look for the brunch menu. Order some crepes that come with (deep breath):Eggsbaconhamsausagesauteed mushroomsbaguettefresh fruitmaple syrupcoffeeNo kidding. Sound like too much? Mais non. Just a little taste of everything on your plate. It's sooooo good.Noise level can be a little high, it looks difficult to maneuver a stroller through and tables can be pretty close together.The food is completely worth it. Bring a friend to catch up with and enjoy this hidden gem.
Reviews are all right.  Great wait staff.  Great Food.  No matter what you order, whether it be crepes or an omelette comes with fresh fruit, bacon, sausage, ham, potatoes, bread, eggs.  all very fresh too.  strong recommend.
I have fond memories of La Petite Marche because I was taken here by an old friend before I had even moved to Montreal. We were seated outside on their lovely little terrasse and I was perusing the menu with difficulty. After all, it was in francais, and I am, much to some people's dismay, a whole lotta anglophone. As I people watched the babes passing by on a lovely summer day, my cafe au lait soon arrived and it was the size of my head. Glorious! Thankfully, after consuming this delicious brunch bevie, I still had room for my ginormous breakfast. Holy moly...eggs, fruit, meat, toast...it's goodness all over the place! Since my first encounter with LPM, I've returned many times...to sit outside and enjoy the lovely weather, or inside to adore the gorgeous artwork that adorns the walls. It's really quite a beautiful spot on the bustling street of St. Denis where happy people succumb to the age-old dilemma of eating large amounts of food because their eyes are simply bigger than their stomachs. And, amen to that!
Very cute restaurant on Saint-Denis, perfect for breakfast or lunch.  Large indoor seating area, and quaint little patio, perfect for sitting on a nice sunny day.  The food is quite good, and served in very large portions, and at prices that are easy on the wallet.  The service from our waitress was excellent & friendly.  This place is probably worth 4 and 1/2 stars - check it out!
Great place for breakfast. A bit loud though.
Holy delicious! Great espresso, great vegetarian breakfast selection! Really cool atmosphere. You should definitely eat their crepes.
j'adore la petite marche! the food is tres delicious, and everything on ur plate is fresh and full of flavor. gets really busy on the weekends, but the wait is worth it. the staff is usually running around and sometimes hard to get a hold of but only cos its so busy. the patio (though tight) is wonderful to sit at on a warm day, but the sunroom inside is equally nice. lots of variety on the menu, mainly eggs bennies, crepes and omelettes. portions are huge, and they come with a lot of sides: sauteed mushrooms, seasoned roasted potatoes, bacon, ham, sausage, fresh fruit, foccacia toast! and the most perfect poached eggs! around $16 per average with coffee/tea/juicemust try: poached eggs on foccaccia with smoked salmon :)
On Monday for lunch, this place was packed! Food is served authentically French with nice presentation.
Best breakfast for a looney!So much better than an overpriced brunch ! (Like legit 10x more expensive) The portion in my opinion is decent (like something you would pay 5$) but still happy with it ! Or theres a bigger brunch set that is 4$ (i think they add 2 more pancakes).I went there 3 times and never got disappointed because nothing changed !
If you're looking for fine dining, then this place is not for you and you would probably  have to look away ! This place has been here for a very long time and for that I give major respect to be open for that long and still bring in the money. To my surprise, they really charge cheap for everything. It definitely is a low quality kind of generous resto. Plates are very generous but poorly executed.The atmosphere: it seems like a late night diner and reminds me like a dunn's famous but way lower than dunn'sThe food: I ordered the trout filet in a combo. Everything but the main star of the dish "the actual fish" was good. I mean the fries, the rice and salad were delicious. The trout was extremely salty and dry! I felt the chewy dry fish and wished there was some flavour or tenderness. What a shame to see that fish die for me but it did not do any justice. What a useless sacrifice :( hahahaThe fries however were one of the best I have ever had in all Montreal. The Service: was fantastic. I can't complain. I had my meal prepared very quickly within 5-10minutes.The lady was very nice and calm. She really seemed to want to please me and take care of my order quickly.Overall, it's a cool late nice place!! I swear if I come again the next time Ill only come here for the fries lolol. They are the best I've ever had!!' It's definitely worth it!!!
I have to say that the place got worse over the years. The plates and the cutlery have stains on them, the ketchup tastes weird, and even the water sometimes has little bits floating in it.On the bright side, they offer very big portions of food for reasonable prices. The breakfast is the best deal, a huge plate for only 2$ + tax (although it used to be 1$). They also offer an series of poutines which all taste great and really fill you up, however they make take over 30 minutes to arrive sometimes, which can be a letdown.
Great food, right size portion, and good service. I tried the chicken souvlaki plate with Greek salad. Quite the standard kind of souvlaki you can find anywhere else. Customer service is superb, but they only take cash!
Food is great and inexpensive. The highlight is obviously the 2$ breakfast which is a pretty good amount. However, there are other strong points for this restaurant. The roast chicken is very tasty and is barely 10$, huge portion. The fries in my opinion are great, must try the poutine once. Overall i'd say you cant find this quality of food for the same price.
I wish I could give 3 1/2 stars here. This location is definitely a solid spot for a good meal. Don't expect American portions but expect an affordable plate. Past reviews boast of a 1.99 breakfast, my guess is that this is something that you must ask for because we didn't see it on our menu. Actually the waitress asked us for our order before we even saw the menu. The yelp site states that this vendor accepts all major credit cards; this is not the case, please bring cash.
People who lives in CDN must know that place.I went a few times with my husband and he always happy because it's cheap.He once said to our waitress when he received the bill: 'That's it?' The food is not extravagant but tasty and the breakfast is only 2.00$. How you can beat that?
Overall great place.  I went there a lot with my friends at late night or afternoon. Their surlonge steak is great.  I like a lot. Except the portion is not enough for big guy, but the price is amazing. So it's a good place to order multiple foods at same to have a try.
Ahh! Blanche Neige, to be advised a fairy tale only measurably. The menu is inclusive and most connotative of a common diner. Its bill of fare covers from a conservative pasta dishes (i.e. spaghetti with meat sauce) to a similar in style, pizzas (i.e. deluxe and pepperoni). Blanche Neige does not in any ways embodies arrogant pretexts. I had the spaghetti special for 4.99$ that includes the soup of the day. The pastas were al dente and sufficient tomato sauce with a generous meat ratio. The soup was eloquently salted though. The restaurant is mainly populated with regular older folks. And sometime, a younger crowd on a budget.
Blanche Neiges is a hit or a miss. Avoid things that couldn't possibly be good in a diner... A $12 filet mignon, diner Chinese food, overly complicated salads are all things to avoid. Poutine snobs should be aware that the poutine is made with mozzarella, not curds!Their fries, chicken and veggie slouvaki, and sandwiches are done perfectly. They have ridiculously cheap specials like all inclusive early bird meals for 5.99 or a huge $2 breakfast. More importantly, they're open long after the bars close and they deliver beer as well as wine!A neighborhood gem'
Blanche neige is knowned for their 2$ breakfast! Yes 2$...2 eggs, choice of meat (sausage is the best), potatoes, toast and coffee! You can also get the large breakfast for 4$ and you get two extra pancakes. Breakfast is served daily from 6am-11am (Monday through Friday). Weekends are until 2pm! This place serves about everything..pizza, greek, chinese...anyways the pizza is not that bad but please avoid the chinese. The food is not bad but I wouldn't go and eat there unless I'm around the area or really hungry at night.I like the fact that they offer late night delivery until 2am. It is also opened 24h on the weekends so it could be a good place after a long night. Service is really a hit or miss! Not a bad place, they redecorated the place and It's not bad!
Where else can you sit in a fairly clean diner and eat a full breakfast for $1.99?
Just had the $2 breakfast, nothing wrong with that! basic, simple, but not too bad. Coffee is a bit weak, but doable, extra cup is .75. Left $4 and on my way. A bit slow service when they are full, only 2 wait staff, but just sit back and relax. Very much a diner feel.  I'll be back.
Its no secret that Im as cheap as it gets and any place that serves up a delicious hot breakfast for $2, is more than alright by me.Seriously, nothing gets me fired up quite like a sweat deal - and good luck trying to find a better deal than this.We're talking eggs, your choice of breakfast meats (i personally prefer the sausage), home fries, toast and coffee.  $2 bucks - straight up.  I mean - seriously...  $2 bucks!You cant even buy a back alley BJ for that price anymore.  And I promise you that if you can, it wont be nearly as satisfying as this breakfast..
Breakfast for 2$, eggs, bacon or sausage, fried potato wedges and toast + coffee or tea. I've been there a few times but won't go there after I've seen cockroaches crawling on the floor near the kitchen which by the way reeks  of cigarette smoke.I don't know what they're serving for 2 bucks or how they can afford it but I have a pretty bad feeling about the place.
If you're into budgeting, blanche neige is a well kept secret. While it doesn't hide any culinary delights, it is cheap and decent food. The dinners are massive, and if you get the special, highly affordable. It's alright stuff.But the restaurant shines with its brunch special. I'm not sure how they afford it, but you get ham or bacon, eggs, hash browns, toast and coffee or tea for TWO DOLLARS. It is sick - it isn't the best brunch in the world but for two dollars it outdoes itself in value. I was too lazy to get up early enough to get there on week days before class, but the brunch runs until eleven. On weekends brunch runs until 2 pm, and it must be a neighborhood secret because it is always packed. There will be a line.You definitely get what you pay for. Blanche Neige is the sketchy restaurant you pass by a few times. You might look at it and scoff. The inside comes unironically straight out of the seventies and you will have paper place mats. The service is alright in both french and english, but if you complain about brunch they'll tell you to suck it up or get out. But for two dollars, why complain? This place has character baby, and I definitely miss it.
My boyfriend was first introduced to Euro-Deli Batory by his good friend, who incidentally had lived in Poland for many years. We've since moved just down the street from this little secret of a place (not necessarily a factor in our decision), unassumingly nestled between the wood-smoke bagel shops of central Mile-End. The menu is pretty straightforward, tacked up on a long strip above the deli counters of fresh meats and cheeses. They serve classic Polish homestyle fare, including pierogies, stuffed cabbage rolls, Polish sausage, hunter's stew, borscht, and potato pancakes. They even serve fresh (and bottled to take home, if you want) tripe soup, as well as what I term "the man plate" - the "Polski Talarz", which is made up of a huge medley of everything. Inside, wooden walls give the impression of a small, warm cabin in the winter, ideal for the lengthy Montreal winters. A few tables are tucked to one side, and sitting beside them, a tiny grocery section filled with sweet treats. Service is friendly and quick. Prices are very reasonable and the food is always cooked hot and fresh. Really, what more can you ask for?
Shared the Polaski platter one early afternoon, it was delicious and we both left feeling stuffed! Definitely a winner if you want to sample more than one thing on the menu. Cozy and casual little place, looking forward to returning!
Have the borscht.The Hunter's Plate is great too but make sure you're planning a calorie burning activity afterwards, like stalking prey through the forest or going to the gym.
The moment you walk into this cozy little neighbourhood joint, the heady smell of delicious, savoury home-cooked food hits you. It's the kind of place that's easy to miss, so I'm glad my coworker introduced me to it.The menu is a nice selection of Polish comfort foods including several soups (Québec favourites French onion and pea soup alongside the more Polish beetroot and veggie soups), sausage, stuffed cabbage, and of course pierogies! The onion, mushroom, cheese and potato pierogies are a sure bet, and a plate of them comes with a little coleslaw, sour cream, and salad. Eat them in the cozy little dining area or take them to go. They also have various Polish products including some grocery items, DVDs, and other suchlike imported treats. Personally I like to grab one of the inexpensive Polish chocolate bars (75¢ - $1, just past the fancy expensive chocolate bars) to top off my comfort meal!
We went here on a hot summer day and started with a bowl of cold borscht. It was pink and had a dill flavor. It was excellent. The mixed pirogi plate was kind of a mixed bag- the sausage ones were ok. The mushroom ones were better and the cheese ones were the best. We shared some polish sausages and they were really good as well. The food is very well priced and there are about six tables in the market so grab a space if you can!
It's exactly as described - home-style Polish deli food. It brings back some ancient memories of mine from going to the houses of friends of my mom when I was a little kid in Edmonton. But the thing is... I don't think it's that great. Everything is a little too boiled and a little too bland and .. that's accurate, but I don't want to actually eat it. Sorry.
I have been going to this pierogi joint for years. Get a mixed pierogi plate with extra mushroom sauce and a side of sausage....The apple-cherry juice is dee-licious. Everything here is delicious! The soups, sandwiches, all of it. They sell their in house pierogis frozen as well, for snappy snacks at home.
Lovely polish fare in this cozy small dining roomVery much enjoyed the polish platter (see photo).Excellent value for stick-to-your-ribs foodrecommended. They also have a few polish groceries and food to take home.
Amazing heaping plates of crazy delicious perogies are to be had here, along with some of the best borscht (hot or cold) I've tasted. The spot is tiny, part specialty Polish grocer part restaurant (maybe 4 small tables total) all hot Polish lovin. The windows steam up in the winter and you can sit in companionable coziness eating your mounds of winterizing goodness, watching the cute families and couples mozey along St Viateur. Batory is located right next to the gorgeous church on St Viateur that hosts great craft fairs in the basement, making for an excellent one two punch of yum and yay.
This lil' deli is housed in a mini Polish emporium that sells groceries, movies, and magazines from the Motherland. The cornerstore vibe offers up quick and friendly service, and delicious, quality, authentic Polish food. Go for the potato-cheese perogies, Ukranian borscht, and side of sauerkraut and sausage. Nothing fancy here: just simple, classic Polish fare.  Once you've discovered this place, I guarantee you'll be planning your next lunch there! Did I mention that it's cheap too?! Easily my favorite diner in Mile End.
If I'm totally honest, and calculate this according to the following formula NUMBER OF VISITS x AMOUNT OF PLEASURE PER VISIT, Euro-Deli Batory is my favorite restaurant in the entire city. No other restaurant even comes close. I told someone behind the counter this one time and he blushed and ran back into the kitchen. Recommended: potato-cheese perogies, kielbasa, bigos, Ukrainian borscht, spring borscht (in the spring and summer).
Amazing cheap polish place. The perogies are to die for!Also, this place has polish desserts, groceries, movies and magazines...Basically if you're at all interested in Polish culture, check this little gem out!
Love this place. Quality meat meets a swath of other goodies to round out the shopping experience. Includes offerings from Guillaume bakery (the choco peanut butter squares are dank, the donuts are killer and the caramels are for coffee), many local dairies and even very reasonably priced local seasonal Veg plus a host of artisan products like honey, maple syrup, various oils, granolas and what have yous. Oh yeah! There's beer, soda, sauerkraut, kim chi, butter, bones for the dog or the soup, it's just great.And I haven't even talked about the meat yet. I get all my bacon and sausages here on a weekly basis and occasionally treat myself to pork chops, lamb burgers and sometimes go for the terrines as well. Their cured meats are all fantastic as well.Of course, quality comes with its price, but when it comes to meat, this is a return in itself. Not to mention the ever agreeable experience of shopping there, compliments of the dedicated and courteous staff.If you go in for only one thing, make it the back bacon.
I came in looking for some simple, plain, salt-free white meat. But I should have known that this was not the place to go for that... Boucherie Lawerence oozed modern-day hipster. Lumbersexual. Beards 'R Us etc. Don't get me wrong though - very polite, courteous and professional staff. Amazing customer service.If you are on a salt-free phase of your diet, don't come here. There were a lot of things that had rubs on them, salted, aged, sausages. There were some bread products as well as some cookies/pastry things. I blocked it out since I am on sugar free and reduced carb. Also, don't come here without a thick bank account. Seriously. I understand the products are local and pure, but it just hurt. Even the BOUCHERIE LAWERENCE cool-person totes were expensive. I mean, I guess everything is expensive in this day and age. Inflation happened at some point.
A very interesting chacuterie place, with a strong emphasis on local products (including piggies) and selling only the top notch quality products. As one of the last stops on our food tour, I can tell that my appetite had already weaned, but I just could not resist a tasting board. We had multiple kinds of cheeses, spiced sausages, and salami, and thin cuts of pork, perfectly prepared with an air of mastery over cured meats. The staff were very friendly and I only wish that I could speak a little more French to converse with them about their products.
When you're so accustomed to the sit down & pay a lot of money for food, it's nice to have a laid back sausage sandwich sometimes. This is the place to do just that. Super friendly staff. & they have awesome confiture & accessories.
I passed by at the end of day hungry and disappointed that they were out of the sandwiches I'd heard about, but when I asked the owner for suggestions on what I could eat asap she immediately said: ribs. Yes. One bag of smoked ribs to go please. The bag cost $12 and she threw in a full loaf of sourdough bread. Let's stop for a second and talk about how hard it is to find actual sour dough in Montreal. It ain't easy to get the proper sour flavour you taste in SF and think about for ages afterwards. But the boucherie bread is perfect. It's certainly not what they're all about (the sausages! the steaks! oh my!) which makes the perfection of it all the more noteworthy and appreciated. The ribs though the ribs - dry smoked, sweet with a crackling heat... ideal for picnics.
My one-stop place for the perfect aperitif with friends. Saucisson and pâtés are excellent, interesting rotating selection of cheese from Quebec, perfect cherry tomatoes and out-of-this-world bread. Seriously, Lawrence's house bread beats Joe La Croûte, Guillaume and the likes.Obviously you can also buy meat there, even the unusual cuts, at a fair price.Strongly recommended!
This is was the go to stop for me. I honestly don't know what I would've done without this place, and I am not exaggerating. The staff remembers me, and what I like. They're friendly, professional, and generally enjoyable to have around. In fact, while looking for an apartment, I refused to look anywhere that was not in the area (plateau, mile end, etc).I did a lot of research, looking for the best quality meats, and food in general, because I have a lot of health issues and eating anything less than the best ruins me, so you can absolutely consider this place the best. It has no close seconds.One friend who had accompanied me to Boucherie Lawrence (everyone I bring becomes a regular client and fan), was near Mont-Royal metro and bumped into one of the butchers from Lawrence. They immediately said : "you're Oliver's friend!", and I thought that was yet another great little thing that showed how good the staff there is. I've run into some of the employees at concerts, out on the streets, in grocery stores, etc, and it's always a friendly experience.Absolument le meilleur boucher que j'ai eu la chance de trouver. Je cherche tout le temps pour la nourrite de la meilleur qualite, et Boucherie Lawrence et mon N#1! J'ai demenager plus proche de eu juste pour pouvoir y aller plus facilement. Meilleur viande, sandwichs, bouchers, employes, etc!
Montrealers are so lucky to have Boucherie Lawrence. I have been there a handful of times so I can comment on what we tried, we loved it all. Twice when I arrived they were just bringing in fresh piggies (head to tail) that were laid out on the huge table behind the counter. Then the boys start breaking them down. Oh the knife skills in play, fascinating to watch them work in plain view. Here's our take:The bacon - tried both back & belly. Hand cut thick slices, preferred belly as back was way fatter but both were so good compared to commercial bacon.Sausage sandwich with choucroute, cornichons, dijon on crusty roll was delicious. Sliced ham was so nice. Made wonderful sandwiches at home,Jerk chicken never had so good since MoBay, tried wings, 1/2 breast & drumstick. Great flavour, nice heat. Fresh, you cook yourself, chicken got crunchy sticky, was simply awesome.5 pound Pork shoulder was rubbed & slow roasted then pulled. Pork was so tender, flavour was amazing, best I've ever made or had!Italian sausages, only bought 2, everyone wanted more, so tasty.Freshly made rolls & burger buns - stock up as they freeze well & you will be happy they are on hand.Nanaimo bars tasted better than what I tried in Nanaimo. Thick, rich, just wonderful.Salted caramels - decadent treats. They sell out quickly. Also didn't last too long at home. $1.00 per.Spicy salty sweet nuts - mix of peanuts pecans walnuts maybe others. Addictive, my crack, can't stop until they are gone.Will be back again this week to try something new.
Amazing butcher shop that takes great care into where the meat is sourced as well as how it's prepared
VIBE Imagine your dream butcher shop. It's spacey yes, but this is it. I do wish it had a bit more seating though. I ATE/THE GOODS This place is so much more than where you can get your meat. Not only can you get sandwiches but also a ton of baked goods and homemade lemonade. You can also buy lots of canned goodies too and printed Boucherie Lawrence bags. Super cute selection and nice merchandising. But we need to talk about the sandwich. Because holy crap, it is one hell of a sandwich! Forget the prosciutto and the ham. It's all about the cotechino. Wikipedia does a better job at explaining this than me: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Co…I do know that BL has their cotechino in sous-vide as part of the process. It's a mix between a slightly sweet and slightly salty meat and with the pickles (not even sliced!), the mayo and the fresh made sour dough bread, it truly is a treat. Oh, and it's $8. It is one of the BEST sandwiches I have ever had. Top it off with knowledgeable and friendly service and voila! Repeat customer. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Where to go if you can't get into Lawrence for brunch. The thing is I could have gotten into Lawrence for brunch but this was a cheaper option. Quicker too!
Not much to say here, but we loved all the cured meats and cheeses we tried.  So much more here that I wish I could have checked out.
I used to live in Texas, studied there for a while, and often you'd see these t-shirts that said "F... you, we're from Texas". I hated those at the time; such an ostentatious stupid macho display of bravado. Yet now I get what they were saying: we're proud of our ultra-conservative gun-toting abortion opposing gay-bashing redneckdom. Ok, I still hate those t-shirts and what they stand for, but the point is, when you have something you love, and that's as good or better than anywhere else, and in the aforementioned categories Texas was as good or better than anywhere else, you flaunt it. Montreal, atten-shun! You have in Boucherie Lawrence an artisanal butcher named Marc - a former stock broker who said "screw this, I'd rather kill and dismember animals", and who studied at the great Fleisher's in NYC - one of the great butcher shops in the world. Where else on this island do you get, when you ask for ground beef, a guy who goes into the meat locker, pulls out a side of dry aged beef, and starts carving what will be your ground beef off the chuck, cutting out the seams, and then grinding it bespoke to your order? And where else do they also have homemade sausage, crispy pigs ear, homemade rillette and pate, great local produce, and in general beautiful locally sourced meat, also in a hyper-clean and inviting space, with attention to detail all-around? That's right - you'd have to go back to Fleisher's in NYC to find anything like this anywhere near close to Montreal. But why would you go there, when you can get it here? Exactly, because of a growing number of places like this that completely kick ass, we could now safely say, "F... you, we're from Montreal", but for thankfully very different reasons than those in Texas.
Beautiful meat products from well raised animals in local farms. The head butcher Marc is awesome and very helpful. Great sandwiches too.
The good, good people at Lawrence (the restaurant) have now opened a "boucherie de quartier" and they've hit the ground running.  The space is airy, minimal, and beautiful, the coolers are fully stocked (chicken, lamb, pork, beef, sausages, charcuterie, smoked fish), the walk-in features a huge, full-length window so you can check out their lovely stock in all its glory, the prep area is open and brightly lit, and they're offering sandwiches that are already among the very best in all of Mile End (if not beyond).  Today's choices included smoked ham, roast beef, and porchetta, and they all came fully loaded on house-baked bread or rolls.  Other pluses include house-made yogurt, free-range eggs, and my absolute favourite Canadian cheese:  PEI's Avonlea cloth-bound cheddar.  Good coffee, too.  And all of this was on Day 1.  By the weekend of Week 1 they'd added a beautiful roasted chicken sandwich with cucumbers and capers (weekends only) and some plump, sweet, and briny Green Gables oysters (P.E.I.) to the mix, and I'd already had two great experiences with their grass-fed, grain-finished beef.   Quite a start!  Can't wait to see where things go from here.
Keys to success for any Mcgill student/alum.Great prices, value and fast service. The salami is a classic of mine -- top notch.
Even at ~3.50$, I'm hesitating on revisiting. I got one smoked chicken and one pastrami sub.In the subs, they add lettuce, 1.5 slices of tomato, couple slices of processed meat, and mustard or mayonnaise. The smoked chicken was literally slices of processed chicken like the ones you order at the supermarket for cheap sandwiches and nothing like the gud ole smoked chicken I'm used to get at a BBQ. The pastrami must have been some of the worst corned beef I've had in my life. Can't describe what went wrong, but it lacked a lot in flavour.Thank Lord for the mustard, for I got to enjoy mustard on white bread.Giving it 3/5 based on convenience (close to a school library, quick service, and cheap subs).
Super Sandwich may or may not be an ongoing hostage situation.... either that or a sandwich based cult? Normal employees are not this fast and consistent.Super Sandwich is fast, consistent, and consistently #$%@ing fast. 18 seconds passed between when I exchanged payment for my sandwich, and when I received it. With a line stretching to the back of the store you can expect to be out of there in 5 minutes. A roast beef sandwich and a soda will run you $5.25, fill your stomach, and be easy on your wallet.
I used to go here on a semi daily basis my second year at McGill and loved their sandwiches. Going there so often made me want to try other things and I sorta forgot about its existence...until halfway through every fall term when the new grad students would tell me about this "new place" they'd discovered called super sandwich. On Monday I went there again as I didn't bring enough food to school and many memories came to mind...Super sandwich, despite its cryptic location, seems to find its way. Their subs are fantastic and really cheap, which makes them ideal for student budgets. If you're in a rush, the longest part of getting lunch will be the "trek," as the sandwich will be ready within 30 seconds of placing your order.
Solid food for a great prices!! I sometimes stock up on their sandwiches and go home to hole up and study!
Yea this place is pretty much Mcgill sandwich haven. So cheap and so fast. Decent sandwich. During finals I'll buy multiple sandwiches and just eat these all day. This is kinda sad.
This rating is based on convenience, price, and quality.  A McGill management student might say an awesome cost-benefit given a university student's low budget.  It's also just an awesome sandwich; very big, toasted French bun, and just delicious.  NO McGill, Concordia, or nearby professional should go without having tried a super sandwich.  Prices range from $2.25 to at most $5.000.  The clear favorite is the egg sandwich($2.75).  Can add a soda and bag of chips for $1.75 extra.
This place is a little hidden inside Le Cartier building but worth visiting for any one wanting a quick feed for cheap.It's a convenience store so you have all the basic convenience store goods as well but everyone lines up for the sandwiches. The egg salad as the previous reviewer said is great and the chicken salad is awesome and a whole lot better than most of the crap Subway sell. The bread is fresh and tasty and you'll get it slightly warm when ready.Ever since finding out about this place I've gone every few days and my taste buds and wallet thank me for it.
This is my favorite lunch spot go-to when I forget to pack my lunch (which is admittedly quite often!). Who can ask for more? A huge variety of sandwich fillings and all for under $5 (with taxes, chips and soda) plus or minus a dollar.It sounds silly, but it's cheaper to buy your lunch here than to bring something from home! The French bread is warm and tasty, the fillings freshly cut or made. I love their egg salad sandwich and with a chips and a pop, it comes to $4.75! You will always see a line-up, especially when the students come back for school. I hope they stay in business forever!
I have been coming here over the years when I visit Montreal.  It has always been a favorite. Nice staff, always pleasant and smiling. The pastry is top self! There is nothing like coffee and a fresh warm pastry!  Today I had the Quiche Lorraine.  It was great. Great flavor, chucks of ham and bacon, nice cheddar browned just perfect on the top. Good crust! I will always keep coming back! I really like the warmer weather when you can sit outside on the patio!
Duc de Lorraine is a very nice upscale French patisserie in Côte des Neiges. The buttery croissants and pastries were amazing. The place is very clean and service is prompt and friendly.
I was in the area visiting the oratory and decided to come here on a whim. This is probably  the snobbiest place I've been since that tourist trap in Paris. The servers weren't very friendly and obviously spoke to me in French despite my answering them in English. OK, whatever, I could deal with that if their food was worth it. But it's not! The 3 chocolate mousse cake I had was overly sweet with no depth, they should just call it the white chocolate mousse with weird gel and dry/stale biscuit base. Oh yeah and it had a hair on it. I didn't have anything else so maybe they had better offerings I didn't choose. The table next to mine got a pizza and it looked so sad. It's like a flatbread with no sauce and a random sprinkling of toppings. Definitely not the worst but I've had way better.
The venue is warm and inviting with comfortable outdoor seating- seasonal flowers and attentive service. Speaking both French and English the word wine is universal and plentiful. The cheese, fruit and meat platters reminded me of a small cafe in southern France  dessert - ohhhhhh dessert! The chocolate mousse was my fave- it was rich and creamy.  The fruit tarts are definitely savory and must be tried as was the strudel. Such a wonderful place to meet with a friend to sip wine and nibble on dessert  can't wait to come back
First time my husband and I came to Montreal and we chose to go for a more French brunch. Best place ever! Service was great, music was pleasant and the food was delicious. They have a variety of breakfast, brunch, lunch and desert servings that will make anyone pleased to be here.  Very family friendly, we saw a few kids that were enjoying the sweets.Overall I give it five stars!
The worst cake I've ever eaten in my life.
Duc de Lorraine has been in business for more than 50 years, and for good reasons. Having been in Paris, their pastries look and taste as if I was in a Parisian cafe. Absolutely delicious. Flaky, buttery, great quality and very reasonably priced as well. Along, with a kind and friendly staff, who is very knowledgeableI highly recommend the dark hot chocolate, made with French chocolate and tastes absolutely amazing! Their sandwiches and salads, are also outstanding.
Amazing ambiance. Great service. Delicious desserts. Good choice of location for chatting and chilling on a sunny weekend afternoon with friends, while munching on a piece of delicate cake or pastry.
I took my families to this much praised cafe. Upon we went in, we saw trays of delicious pastries and yes, salads and sandwiches were tasty too. However, my mother- in-law found a hair in her salad. OMG, this was so embarrassed. When I pointed out this to our waitress, she said nothing. And she even had another waiter to come over. But still, nothing, not even a sorry. Did this kind of situation happen so often that they felt it nothing? In food business, food safety came first and then the taste, right?
We found this lovely cafe by luck on our last day in Montreal. We had just spent the morning at St Joseph's Oratory and wanted to pick up some quick snacks before we started our long drive home. We stopped by Duc de Lorraine with the intention of getting some pastries to go.We were greeted right away by the attentive and friendly staff. The decor is quaint and inviting. The staff struck up a conversion and upon finding out we were leaving Montreal, convinced us to sit down for a 15-minute quick lunch.The quiche and cappuccino were delicious by themselves but the waitstaff and atmosphere made it one of our favorite memories of Montreal.We've been recommending this cafe to our my friends who plan to visit Montreal since and we can't wait to go back. If you get the chance, don't skip dining in.
I usually don't really care about the service as long as I get what I want but... I wouldn't say this was a good experience.Went there with a friend, first the waiter just broke a glass right near my feet as we were sitting down, Bad luck, I can't blame him, shit happens.We ordered, some really overpriced pastries and coffee. I asked for an iced coffee or something like that (thanks for the details Pierre) Order arrived, 15 minutes later or so, and the waiter just spilled half my drink while giving it to me. So he took it back, and came back another 20 minutes later, I had finished my pastry by then, my friend had finished everything, and he only managed to spill one quarter of the drink this time.Great.Pastries are ok though, and the rest of my drink was fine. But overpriced.
This is the closest thing to a real Parisien patisserie you're going to find on this side of the North Atlantic short of getting on a plane and flying over to experience the real thing.The quality here is outstanding, like real patissieres, they do not skimp on the butter, the most essential of ingredients, so if you are on a diet, you're out of luck. That also explains why their prices are higher than their competitors. Easily the best croissants, pastries and sandwiches you'll taste on the island of Montreal. I find they have strange hours, and have a tendancy to close early so try to aim for the middle of the day.While their pastries and baked goods are the real star items here, I also have to add that their homemade sorbets are nothing to sneeze at either.
We hoped our friends would try this place while visiting Montreal.  We had the honor of meeting the owner on our first visit there, very engaging, very upbeat too!  The food was wonderful, the staff was helpful without being hovering. The outside seating view of St Joes up the hill was perfect.  Tv outside to watch the World cup action!
Anyone who says this place has gone down hill, I'd like to know what hill they are referring to? This place is a topnotch spot to experience some of the freshest pastries, cheese, meats and pate second to Paris as one can find!..Seriously. While exploring Cote-des-Neige, my friends and I passed by this corner patisserie and was drawn in by the most incredible smells I've ever experienced. Words can not describe the assortment of edibles Duc De Lorraine had to offer, so I added a lot pictures - they are as good as they look! Staff here were incredibly friendly and hospitable. Realizing that this was out first time there, one of the staff members broke out multiple tasting of cheese and fresh bread for us to try on the house. The aged cheddar and Guinness cheese was my favorite and unlike anything I have encountered, oh soo good! Note: They have an extremely reasonable lunch special: $8C gets you a bowl of the soup du jour, 1/2 sandwich, and a drink of your choice. There is a small glass enclosed dining area in the back that has a nice view of the area. This is the perfect place to hit before heading up the hundred plus steps to L'Oratoire St. Joseph. I Will definitely be returning to Duc De Lorraine again on my annual pilgrimage to be with Saint Andre.
A nice, cozy place. Plenty of sweets and desserts. The waiters don't know much about their desserts. I asked for the best one and it wasn't. But the eclers are really delicious.
Very charming place. They have several sections with sofas for their outdoor seating areas. Good pastries, and really good smoked salmon, and prosciutto sandwiches.  Service, however, is a bit slow, but once you place your order, the food delivery is very quick. While it's not inexpensive, it's worth checking out.
After a visit to Oratoire St-Joseph, our party wanted a place to relax and have a coffee. A nice lady on the street pointed us toward the French flag - and we invaded!There were 7 of us (which included 2 children) - and we wanted a seat on the patio. And wow, did these folks accommodate. They moved around tables and chairs, and even made some poor guy reading a book switch seats so we could take over. I felt a bit guilty about this, but they seemed happy to make us feel welcome.We had already taken a look at the sweets inside, so we pretty much knew what we wanted. The waiter came and sat down to take our order - someone asked for a menu - he said, "I am the menu!" Very sweet.The macaroon I ordered was dry. Everyone else enjoyed their desserts. It cost more than our lunch. This is the only reason I don't give the place 5 stars. Otherwise, really enjoyed the place!
Not the mecca for the sweet tooth it once was.I first learned of Duc de Lorraine decades ago and it is not as big a deal as it once was. That is due not so much because it has deteriorated (it is aging well) but more due to the fact that many of the goodies it offers are now offered so many other places that the rarity factor is now gone. I can now purchase 20-30% of Duc's offerings at the supermarket or pharmacy.
Nice seating place, with a view of the Oratory St-Joseph. Wasn't too fond of the actually coffee though. Didn't feel it was worth its price.Edit: I am upgrading my rating by adding 1 more star for customer service. They had contacted me telling me they are always looking for ways to improve. I appreciate that!
Outstanding cappucino; one of the best tasted in North America, better than the US. Delicious amandines. Easy access by car either direction; parking is reasonable. A bit pricey. A must-see for a pastry shop in Montreal. It's as close to the Parisian experience as it gets.
Gorgeous pastries and equally gorgeous wait staff. The menu for brunch is pretty standard. but the food is beautifully prepared. Definitely order some of their delicious bread. Outdoor seating on the square is lovely.
Essentially french pastry, food is delicious, specially fond of their beef salami & croissants!!One of my favorite places in montreal.
Came here with my fiance after having a hankering for some REAL French macarons. Back home we don't have many bakeries near us that sell French or Italian pastries. Even the ones that do we have to travel far to such as in Boston which is almost two hours away. So in light of that, my fiance ended up picking out eight macarons: two caramel, two chocolate, two vanilla, and two raspberry. Personally my favorites were the vanilla and raspberry which both had a great flavor/texture. I found that the caramel macarons wanted to literally melt on me so I had to eat them rather quickly. My fiance, instead of eating my treats, ended up getting an eclair for himself which he enjoyed. I personally didn't go inside the shop so I can't comment on the overall condition. What I can say is that my macarons were awesome and probably some of the best I've had! We will definitely be coming back here again when we visit Montreal in the future.
I went to this place for brunch after visiting the nearby St. Joseph's Oratory while on vacation in Montreal for July 4th. The place has both indoor and outdoor seating, which I found very nice. The waiter let us order a platter with meats and cheeses of our choice - delicious! The desserts were all very, very good too - personally, I'm an eclair person, and these were great here.Our group of 5 liked it so much we came back for breakfast the next day. This time, we tried the quiches - the Quiche Lorraine (ham) was amazing.Also outstanding coffee!
Nice and quaint. Pastries all look good and the ones I ate were good. Macarons are not good so don't waste your $ on them, although they look pretty. They have the wrong texture - too tough. That's why I took off a star.
I consider myself quite a connoisseur of chocolate croissants, and Duc de Lorraine has the best ones I have ever had outside of Paris. The croissants contain a rich buttery and flaky dough wrapped around rich decadent chocolate. Every time I go to Montreal I go here for breakfast every morning. I like their pastries so much that when my aunt and uncle came down from Montreal to Boston for my graduation I had them bring me a box. Besides the wonderful croissants this place also makes wonderful baguettes. In my opinion this is the best bakery in Montreal.
Delicious food, healthy food, amazingly friendly staff. Best meal I had in on my trip home.
I decided to try this restaurant today despite some poor reviews online. The reviews were fairly consistent: OK food, pricy, and restaurant is dirty. Had to try for myself and my experience was exactly the same. The food was OK. I enjoyed the Copper Burger but the oven baked fries were soggy and way too salty. $45 for 2 burgers and drinks and a shared side order of fries. The problem is that every free table in the restaurant hadn't been wiped clean and crumbs and food residues from previous meals still covered them. You can't put your hands - let alone your food on a table without cleaning it yourself. Dirty dishes and uneaten food covered the counters. (I noticed a lot of leftover fries. Maybe too salty for others?)The restaurant wasn't busy and there were two staff working so I find this pretty inexcusable. I'd love to eat their food again but the management needs to start taking these comments seriously to get my business again.
Awesome franchise.  That is coming from someone who avoids them like the plague.  Non-GMO food at affordable prices.  Much of it is GF.  Aztec bowl had oodles of fresh ingredients.  Asked for low sodium and cashier stated they don't add additional salt to their food.  Super impressed.  The icy smoothies could be better but they do the trick.  Try the ghandi, it's the most green, sub the oj with half water-less sweet and calories.  Wish CB was in the states.  Would choose this over all others.This is going to be our go-to for the rest of the trip.  Very nice change in a meat-centric Montreal.  For two: $21Highly recommend.
Dropped-in literally, 1 min before closing (September 5'th), had no idea they closed at 10pm, offered to leave and come back the next day because I felt bad about making the staff work later than they have to. They totally refused to let me walk away :) . Amazing service! THANK YOU!I ordered a large poutine $11.95, "bacon" tofu sandwich $8.95 and drinks. Everything on the menu is vegan and Gluten-Free.The food was very flavourful, nothing was fried and all ingredients tasted very fresh. I'm so used to dealing with veg restaurants serving horribly bland food that I asked them for 2 servings of hot sauce on the side, totally didn't expect a burst of flavour every time I took a bite, didn't have to use the sauce at all. I really wish this company would open a Toronto location, I'm sure they would do very well.
Amazing vegan vegetarian cuisine...delicious, fresh and healthy...what more can one ask for. We had the sweet potatoe and beet burger and the "chicken" sandwich with baked fries and everything was amazing
Shiitake Teriyaki Sandwich is AMAZING must try
Love love love this place. Can't even count the number of times we've ordered delivery from copper branch. I'm tried everything from burgers to bowls, shakes and desserts. My favorite has got to be the "chicken" teriyaki sandwich (made with shiitake mushroom) and their chocolate zucchini brownie . The sandwich is amazing, the texture of shiitake mushroom taste just like, if not better than regular chicken. & the chocolate zucchini brownie, probably the best brownie I've ever had in my life. Its so rich but not overly sweet, and for $4 a piece, please just go try it.   The prices are also very reasonable, the sandwiches burgers are around $8-$10 while bowls are $11-$14 (also comes in mini).
Copper Branch offers a fast food formula for vegans on the go, akin to other bigger chains like Subway, with a focus on healthy foods. The service is quick and the staff is polite. The location is strategic, right in the heart of downtown Montreal, and the interior design is fresh, minimalist and hipster with a touch of deliberate vintage.During our visit, I had a sweet potato black bean burger, and my husband ordered the copper burger. Both tasted good, but if I may offer a critique, I would say the burgers would have benefited from some type of sauce or spices to enhance the taste. Prices were okay, right on the border of "I'm not sure if I should be paying this much for a burger... and yet I just did."Overall, I would still recommend Copper Branch; it might be fast food, but it's vegan, it's healthy and the taste is decent. And for that, in my book it deserves four stars. Although I am not in a rush to go back, I would certainly consider it if I were downtown and needed some quick fuel.
Loved this place got one of the bowls and ate every bit of it. Lasted me for hours and I wasn't hungry and I walked around Montreal for hours with the fuel this bowl gave me! Highly recommend you stop buy and get something anything to eat. The zucchini brownie is the bomb!
New vegan restaurant opened just south of Ste Cat, on Bishop--it's been open about a week and I've had 6 different people on Yelp and Facebook ask me about it... So here's the review.The first thing that struck me was the menu - its gorgeous, full colour with excellent photography, but...entirely in French. This wasn't a huge problem for me, but in Montreal this is a big no-no, especially downtown and next to Concordia.I decided on the sweet potato and black bean burger on kamut, with tofu bacon and daiya swiss. I got their fries instead of a salad and a Zevia ginger root beer.First impression, the fries were amazing. I'm usually a reach for the condiments guy, but these were so well seasoned they didn't need anything.The burger had good flavour, but a couple of technical problems - the bun, being kamut, was a lot more firm than the patty. Physics played its part, but the end result was a the patty spreading beyond the bun each bite.If they can find a way to firm it up I'd definitely try it again.The tofu bacon was a bit disappointing, and mislabeled. Its smoked tofu, which is fine, but a very different texture than I'd expect from something labeled bacon.I didn't notice the daiya til the very end of the meal, I wouldn't spend the extra .90 for it again.The whole meal came to just under $16, which is way more than I'd be willing to spend on a burger and fries on a regular basis, but they are new and experimenting with their menu (which I imagine includes their prices) I worry that the area they're in will buck at the idea of a $16 lunch.I don't recommend the Zevia sodas, they're flavoured with stevia and its call I could taste.After my meal I got to try one of their two deserts, and opted for the brownie. My brownie standards are quite high as there are some fantastic brownie destinations in Montreal. I'd rate theirs a solid 8. Possible ways it could improve? Serving it warm, or with some sort of custard or coulis. I'd ditch the quinoa sprinkled on top too - I could easily see it being a 9 or 10 then.I also tried their quinoa chili, the kale was a great addition, but it lacked enough sweetness for me. If you like spicy chilli, you won't be disappointed.I'll definitely be back to try them again.
I had the Sweet Potato and Black Bean burger. One of my favourite veggie burgers so far, but I find it quite expensive for its size, and I didn't even take a drink. I give this place 4 stars for its quality, but be warned that eating here will cost you a pretty penny.
Awesome food! Quality is a must and they know how to serve deliciousness combination its a great vegan restaurant I love the flavor and after going 5 times i'm always satisfied so I will be investing my money again because I love places like that that care about health and cruelty free meal!so far I had the cooper branch burger awesome and the energized bowl are devine my favorite is the medditeraneo
Great food and the staff was so lovely, much more than at the green panther and other vegan places I've tried! Aztec bowl super delicious!
Perfect "fast food" for vegans, and people who can't eat gluten. Only complaint is that the food could have been less oily. The employee who served us was very accommodating, and made good recommendations. The brownie was absolutely amazing. Unfortunately, most of the employees just stood around and played on their phones, which I find extremely unprofessional.
Delicious vegan food with a great selection. Mediterranean power bowl is out of sight and the quinoa chili was total yum!
I am usually very constructive in my reviews but here it's impossible.The food is gross... Everything I tried was terrible... To the point it made me nauseous. The galaxy burger is a sloppy mess with raw eggplant and semi cooked mushroom and a very strong fake cheese. Sauce in the burger smells like melted plastic. Fries are baked but very greasy, soft and tasteless. I am not vegan... But Montreal has delicious vegan restaurants.Stay away
Forever three stars:It's like I went to McDonalds but its shareholders converted to veganism and health foods. It's all reheated stuff from the freezer but it's good reheated stuff from the freezer.The beverages look fanciful and trendy. The tea was okay.If I was hungry for fast, healthy, light and semi-cheapish food for its category, this would be my top option.Just don't forget this is a healthy fast food joint and not a true restaurant and you will be fine.
I've been to 2 of their restaurants in Montreal and, compared to Fresh in Toronto, it is tastier, fresher and cheaper. Highly recommend. Nice staff and nice chilled place to eat.
Good healthy food. The Asia fusion bowl is great.  Service is pretty slow at the counter.  But worth the wait
The restaurant is pretty okay, considering it's vegan and almost all options on the menu come gluten free (for a celiac, this is amazing!)  I was sort of unimpressed with the portobello mushroom burger as keeping it in the bun was pretty much impossible -- it ended up all over my hands and I ended up having to eat it with a fork.  Maybe not the best design.  My boyfriend had a bowl and it looked pretty alright.  I also want to add that while I'm no garlic fascist, your bean dip gave me the worst breathe imaginable.  I don't know how you managed to put that much garlic in there, but coming from a garlic lover you need to tone it down a little.Either way, this place has some kinks it needs to work out, but it'll get there.  I'm proud to say we've got a vegan fast food joint in Montreal.
Finally...someone capitalized on the fact that vegetarians are NOT averse to fast food, just to meat! I had the poutine; it was entirely vegan and the chef was NOT stingy on the sauce, like other Montreal poutine hotspots tend to be. My friend had the Galaxie burger, which he enjoyed tremendously (and admitted he was expecting NOT to!) and fries, and these were well-seasoned, golden and plentiful! We topped dinner off with a zucchini chocolate brownie that was seriously delicious...moist and rich...and coffees (Americano) that were flavourful and not at all watered-down like some healthy food restaurant coffee tends to be. It was such a great experience to look at all the yummy items on the menu and realize we could select anything since everything is vegan! We're going back...the healthy Bowls are calling!
Ok, I can't believe this place has any good (or even average) reviews. My friend and I (both vegan) went here for dinner one night when we found ourselves downtown and extremely hungry. The place feels like any other fast food restaurant (order at the counter, carry your own tray to your table), which is fine, but good to know before going. We were excited to try everything and so ordered a bunch of food, but unfortunately all of it ranged from disappointing to disgusting.The Aztec bowl was sad. It was just a bunch of ingredients thrown together without any effort to make the flavours combine. It was dry, under-spiced, and mostly tasteless. The sweet potato & black bean burger was worse. Similarly dry, under-spiced, and tasteless, but it also seemed like everything had been store-bought and then frozen for ages. Easily the worst veggie burger I've ever had. The (small) poutine with portobello miso sauce sounded amazing but was inedible. The fries were soggy, there was so much gravy it seemed more like a soup than a poutine, the daiya cheese wasn't even melted, and the whole thing was COLD. Oh yeah, and everything was overpriced - it came out to about $30 for the three items, before tip.This place was so shockingly bad that my friend and I talked about it for a while afterward. I can't believe they opened two locations at once. Seems like it's being run by business people who have absolutley no idea how to make food. Even though there aren't many vegan restaurants in Montreal, you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again.
The food is quite tasty. The vegan chicken sandwich tastes almost like real chicken. A bit pricey though... Almost $15 for a soup and sandwich.
They gave me a costumers wrong order(Which was my correct order). Normally I wouldn't care but they came from outside the location.  I have no idea what could've been done to it before hand!
Stayed in Montreal last night and did a Yelp search of vegan places in the area. Luckily I found Copper Branch. The food was fantastic everything was flavorful seasoned and some of the best vegan food I've had in a restaurant. Not only did I eat breakfast there but I also had them cook me lunch as take out that I'm currently eating right now. This place is legit. If you are vegan and you are in Montreal you absolutely must check out this restaurant.
Super friendly, helpful staff. I had the poutine and my friend got the Aristotle bowl. Food was tasty, but I think I would be kidding myself if I thought this place was low-cal/low-fat/healthy. Sure, it's "healthier" because at least you get a lot more veggies than you would typically get in a meal, but there is an abundance of oil in the bowl and I really don't see how the poutine fries are baked and not deep-fried! (Still felt fairly heavy). It's a good option if you really want vegan and you're downtown, but it feels like a poor imitation of Aux Vivres -- and it's not nearly as charming or vibrant.
Hopefully this will be rated as an historic monument soon. Seriously good coffee, served among genuine Italian old guys. This is a real cafe, not some mamby pamby hispter joint where you pay four bucks for a latté made by a bearded kid who sort of finished their art history degree.  Warning: genuine factor means that the servers might not have beards, and yes, Italian hair gel is also available in the display case.  Really. I'm not religious.... but God bless Caffé Italia.
I still like caffe italia but after going back and back, I'm dropping it because coffee is not as good as others (they use their specific blend of union) but most of all, price went up making it a round $3 for a cap. while it is not bitter as previously, I don't find it that satisfying. it leaves me wanting more which means I'd have to get a second serving so we're talking $6 coffee now.mind you, I still enjoy going here for the decor and vibe of what it's like to live in the 60s but strictly speaking coffee, there's better
There is nothing more satisfying to me to find a  Montrealer owned coffee shop! There is  quite a few, however a coffee shop that is as old as the times. ,  A montreal made all italian , coffee blessing! A soccer (or is it football) fan delightI implore you while visiting the Jean Talon market go across the street and visit this lil slice of italy.
Every time we go to Montreal, we come here.  Located in "little Italy", this place is the perfect spot.  We always get a cappuccino or latte and a black and white cookie..  The coffee drinks are not "American size", so I am sure to some people may think they seem small.  This place has a small diner feel and the owner has always been there when we are there.  The last visit a soccer match was on and the back room (with the TV) was filled with Italian men celebrating the game. This place is a must for the real feel deal!Cash only
Really good Italian coffee with an old school charm. Had a coffee at the counter here after a lunch nearby. Was a great way to finish a lunch hour meal.
Busy, loud, lively, fast, somewhat chaotic - that's how I would describe Caffè Italia. A cafe that doesn't try to pretend to be what it's not and stays true to what it is - a historic icon where local patrons in their 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s+ drop in for their espresso, dunk their panettone, watch some sports, pay (cash) and then leave to carry on their day.Open from 7am till 11pm this place just never seems to stop. Sitting at the bar you'll often see an order of 10 or more cups that come all at once! Amazingly no words are exchanged between waiters and the Barrista. I was trying to decode the system, a combo of saucer, glass spoons and positions that minimizes the need to talk and focus on delivery! Spoon in cup means decaf, two spoons on plate is an allongé, spoon down is double shot, etc.Tip: Don't try to sit at the corner table unless you're looking for dirty looks. This where the older italian men hang out to talk about soccer, politics and sometimes about weather. "Keep it real is what it's all about... Montrealers like it like that" I was told by a regular. You won't see any fancy foam art but the crema is thick, exactly what you would expect from fresh coffee beans being hit at the right temperature and 12 bars of pressure. All drinks are very reasonably priced: Espresso at $1.75 and Latte or Cappuccino at $2.75!  Food-wise staples are mortadella, capicollo or salami sandwiches, toasts with choice of jam, peanut butter or Nutella and your traditional variety of italian sweets. Interestingly enough, behind the counter, where cigarettes packs used to be displayed, you can get hard to find Italian men grooming items such as Proraso (Italy #1 shaving cream), Felce Azzura (Talc Powder) and Pastel del Capitano (italian toothpaste).The original owner is a nice lady who just recently celebrated her 76th birthday. She inherited the cafe from her parents who moved from Italy and opened this place when she was 16! The place is now run by her two daughters backed by a clever Barista (Paolo) and staff that crack you up if you pay attention to what they are saying. No frills, no fuss just good caffè - this is what it's all about.
I've searched high and low for a place in New York that makes a cappuccino comparable to this one, and come up empty. This is the #1 must-visit for me every trip to Montreal, best coffee and best old-school atmosphere around bar none! I get one cup to stay and soak in the scene, then another one to go. I unknowingly came to town right on their 60th anniversary, and was honored to have a chance to pay tribute. Salute!
After a week in Montreal and trying about 7 different coffee places, if have to say that this was the best out of all of them. Unfortunately, it's not the best I've ever had. It's so unfortunate to be spoiled by such great coffees and espressos! The ambiance is like that of a sporty cafe where elders and men stop by to watch a soccer game, read a newspaper, and enjoy a nice cup of latte or cappuccino.
such a throwback... imagine if all the chain pseudo cafes were like caffe italia. then there would be no long waits for the the skim - soy milk, iced macchiato, frappucino drinkers,... and hopefully no devices and WiFi,... just great simple "hot" coffees and conversations. one can dream.aside from the amazing drinks and the personable barista, they also make killer sandwiches. its such a throwback that they even sell hygienic products, that's super old school,... and we wished there were more of them still around.
Best espresso in town! Order it short and your caffeine boost is guaranteed. The entire coffee shop is such an experience to be in, the elderly Italians talking in Italian between each other, the beautiful coffee bar with the small stools, the old school classical tables and chairs. They even sell Italian eau de cologne, look behind the bar on your left and you will see the old fashioned packages of cosmetics. Their cappuccino is quite good too, get some biscotti along with your coffee and happiness will be upon you!
For the price , this place is not bad!! It's welcoming ,nothing fancy but I felt like I was getting coffee from mom!! Enjoy!!
This is the legit shit. Serving up espresso that makes my people proud. Where the nonnos go for an espresso. That's a sign right there. Straight up, honest, like your nonna made it. Basically, the original hipsters right here. More like original coffee gangsters.
I stood right at the counter, made eye contact with both the waiter and barista and waited as they hustled and bustled. They stared at the counter any time they came near me and I watched as no less than ten beverages were prepared for other customers, all while I was ignored.I began to look around for a line or designated "ordering spot", but found none. I looked back at both men, looked around again and watched as someone standing right next to me, who'd come in after me, had their order taken.I reached the conclusion that for some reason, I was persona non grata. I have literally never been treated this way in my life. I'm not sure why I was deemed not cool enough to give them my money, but luckily for me there are plenty of similar/better places nearby, so I won't have to find out.
I love stopping here when I'm in Little Italy because they have great coffee for reasonable prices.  I can't comment on the food because I usually get coffee only.  The espresso is of high quality and is not  bitter like at some coffee shops.  It goes down smoothly.  Also their cappuccinos are always worth getting.The place has the feel of an old school Italian espresso bar which I love and there is a TV which broadcasts Italian football matches on the weekends.
Location: On the main, in the heart of Little Italy. Street parking or transit. The place: It's one hot mess and if I were to use one word to describe the place, that word would be 'chaos'. On one hand, the bar area reminds me of Rome, where one tosses back their caffé like a shot while observing the baristas hone their craft, then quickly hit the road. However, Café Italia lacks the organization of Italian caffés. Over there, you order at the cash, take your receipt then walk over to the bar and wait for your coffee. Once you're done, off you go. At Italia, it's one big free-for-all where patrons come in and huddle around the bar without any order whatsoever. So you can be there for ten minutes while some guy walks in off the street and places his order in ahead of you. It's a survival of the fittest kind of situation. I hate inefficiency. Also, people actually do sit at the bar and linger rather than leave once they're done. But that's fine - I mean, I personally think coffee should be lingered over anyway. They do have tables if you're not a fan of the bar.The coffee: Ordinary and a bit too bitter (I had a Macchiato). I prefer Olimpico or Myriade. Service: Grumpy. That's really all I have to say about that. Price point: Excellent - it cost $3.50 for a Macchiato and an Espresso. Can't beat that!Would I go back? Maybe I'll give them another go on a quieter day but I won't go out of my way to do so.
As a 2nd generation Italian, you know you're stepping in an authentic Italian caffe when it's 7:30 AM and 15 elderly Italians are sharing the place with you speaking to one another in different dialects of Italian with plenty of hand gestures to go around about "La Seria A" (it was Monday).I ordered a cappuccino to go and was immediately received in a very friendly fashion despite on how busy it was. The quality of my cappuccino was exceptional and served quickly.The price tag is a bit higher than some other places I know (with an extra fee of ordering to go?) but you'll pay for it and accept it. There's no denying the quality of this place and you pay more for quality.La qualita e la.Will visit again.
This cafe has a special place in my heart. It is not only where I had my first date with my first boyfriend (now first ex), but it is the very place that made me turn into the die-hard biscotti and coffee lover/aficionado that I claim myself to be now. Seriously, the best espresso is served here. I have a piece of Caffe Italia in my home, a bag of their home roast beans. Some people can't stand Italian coffee for its strong bitterness, but I enjoy every sip of it. The biscotti comes on a small heated plate, dare I say, saucer. The original is usually chewier, owing to its less-hard texture. I believe this cafe is where I first ate a whole biscotti, and from then on, I began to express my devotion and love to biscottis by ordering them in any cafe across Montreal that sold them.Without a doubt, Caffe Italia will be one of the landmarks of Montreal that I shall miss after this year. I shall miss the drinks and sweets, but also the wood panelling, the multiple photos of the cafe's interior and exterior since its founding, framed posters of famous F1 competitors, the Crucifixion cross above the unisex washroom, Italian men crowding around the TVs, the outdoor tables, and even the occasional man in the back writing away like some serious poet or philosopher.
Great Italian cafe that still looks like it's in the 1960s with old Italian men at the bar sipping their espressos in the morning. I ordered an iced latte and it was good!
I noticed a while back that below the back counter they have bags of Caffè Italia home roast espresso beans. $14 for a chic little white bag of hefty nutty flavor, these beans make some good brew. This is now my caffeination of choice - fresh ground at home and bubbled up in my caffettiera on the stove top, it's like having Italia in my apartment any time I like. Minus the swarthy, serious baristos. Sidenote: the Mayor of Montreal walked in here the other day followed by a photographer, shook everyone's hand while the pap snapped and left quick. Paying homage to the real powers that be in MTL? Maybe! Looking for a friendly neighborhoody photo op while dealing with ongoing student strikes? Golly gee, seems likely.
One of my favorite spots for coffee. I've yet to have any food but ooooouufff! The coffee is amaaaaaazing. Forget Star$$$ucks and $econd $up. Toilet water compared to Caffè Italia.The atmosphere is old school and unpretentious. I believe they're open to 10pm every night. Perfect for that evening java craving. Bring a book, a friend or watch a game on the tvs. It's worth a detour to check out.
Definitely a mom-and-pop kind of place.  Seems like it might be family run?  The guys behind the counter were friendly to the customers.  Very modest decor (some chairs and tables with a TV).  They sell a hodgepodge of Italian things from coffee to sandwiches to toothpaste and lotions.Amazing expresso there!  I don't know what is unique about it, but it was one of the best cappuccinos that I've had in a while.  Had a nutella toast to go with the capp, and it was enough for a morning meal.  Plus it was cheap too ($5 CSD)!
Absolutely amazing Italian coffees. The atmosphere, set-up and clientele remind me of being in Italy.
Well well, Caffè Italia is one of those places you have to go!  Once you walk through the door, you've left Montreal behind, and have stepped into a scene from Italy.Friendly staff, and the coffee is obviously fantastic.You can always grab a cup of coffee and since you are almost next door to Ducati Montreal, swing in there and enjoy some beautiful Italian machinery.This place really deserves a 5 star but I do really think that 5th star is in the smallest details, and unfortunately the styrofoam to go cups don't do it for me.
delicious perfect coffee.The sandwiches are also absolutely delicious and so worth the trip. PLEASE TRY THEM.  They are perfect.You will find soccer, race cars, Jesus, and nutella.What more do you want?
Ah but what to say about Caffe Italia but amazing coffee whether you choose espresso, cappuccino, Latte.....you'll taste the quality from the first sip! I come here now and then and always look forward to the visitIt is true old school Italian style! The sandwiches are always amazing as well they have pannetoni, "S" cookies and more it is truly an Italian experience and always be a favorite place to me!Tutti va bene dopo una cafe di Caffe Italia!!
Love their cappuccino! It was like being in Italy.  Delicious! I didn't care much for their proscuitto sandwich, but just loved the cafe and the family owned vibe of the place.
Authentic Italian coffee.  Complete with 15 old Italian guys standing around speaking Italian on a weekday.  Great latte.
Arguably the smoothest creamiest lattes in town...if you get a good barista who takes the time to do it right, you will know what I mean. The atmosphere is interesting, lots of old Italian men and their second and third generation offspring mixed with people who just want some good coffee.The one downside is that some baristas here would rather chat with their friends who have just arrived and plan their night up clubbing than give you any attention. Conclusion: you must try it, but if it doesn't meet your expectations the first time, it's probably due to lazy service, go back for more and you will be pleasantly surprised.
The menu is limited, and that's fine, because I understand it's an Italian coffee shop. And the drink is good and well made, I believe the staff to be trained well. However, our one time experience took the impression that the boys behind the counter didn't care about customers other than to fill their cup well. I'm kind to roughness, but there's a difference between gruff and indifference for the well-being of patrons. The atmosphere isn't all-encompassing enough to be the essence, and neither is the coffee. The space is so open and sharing that the essence should be the people that inhabit it. The kids running the show had some negative vibes running through them that day. Maybe it was just one bad day, but if that's the case then they shouldn't be offended by one negative review.
This cafe looks authentic and cute and is definitely worth a visit. However, I thought that my coffee (latte) was very average - pretty much Starbucks quality.  Since I expected the coffee here to be amazing, I was a bit disappointed.
As a jaded Plateau dweller, I come to expect garbage from anything south of Rachel, so I was so surprised to find this little diamond in the rough of centre ville. The staff is nice, the drinks are made quick as, and on top of that everything is delicious.The coffee is carefully prepared 49th parallel, which albeit not my favorite roaster, still is pretty bulletproof. The pastries, oh man. We're all going to get fat. Tasty gooey brownie muffins, fluffy crunchy croissants, and plenty of other tasty butter filled options await.Yes I am normally a sucker for places that feel like an old Victorian mansion-cum-coffeehouse replete with comfy couches and books filled with books, but the sleek design ensures that all the corporate drones working next door won't be scared away by anything too different while also being hyper effective at serving happy coffee guzzlers.
Best hipster cafe in the area and not just because there is zero competition. But if a new cafe should pop up, here are ways to blow this place away. You're welcome in advance for the free consultation -1. Crack a smile. Or at least, appear life like. Seriously, there is mild barista depression up in here.2. Up the pace. This ain't NYC but this ain't Sleepy Hollow.3. Ambiance. Offer something memorable. This space is 'nice' and 'the norm' but is that they way you'd want a date to be described...The product, which it's mainly about, is aces.
Good atmosphere, nice decor, knowledgeable staffs, tasty coffee with lots of pastries to choose from. Must come if you are in the neighbourhood.The staff didn't ask me the size I wanted for my latte and just got me a large one, when I just wanted a small one...
My coffee was delicious,  but my friend did not like hers. The place has a simple modern look. It's overall a good coffee place.
Expertly made coffee at a cafe that is (easily) walkable from downtown and Old Port. A rare bird in Montreal indeed.The cafe itself has this minimalistic-industrial vibe going on befitting its location in the financial/commercial district. I'd say it's more of a place to get your coffee and go rather than a place to settle in and lounge - but that's OK because not all cafes have to look like the house and home section at Anthropologie.One final note: try the chocolate chip cookie =)
Though this cafe closes earlier compared to many other cafes in the city, this is a place to visit if you love coffee. It's also a lot smaller than expected, but this makes the cafe much quieter than other places, so if you don't like loud places, this would be a good fit for you.Coffee wise, I'm not the biggest fan of 49th parallel coffee, so I can't say much. If you like it, then you'd be happy to hear that Cafe difference serves coffee from 49th parallel. :D
So this place was literally a block and a half from the venue of one of my BFFs wedding. Once I found out how close this was I was eager to stop in, and considering the proximity figured I'd have plenty of time to do so. Wrong! I tried like 3 different times but was foiled each time by their hours.  However, perseverance has always been high in my vocabulary so I finally made it in! A window of opportunity finally opened up while we were in between hair/makeup and waiting for the limo to take us to the bridal party photo sesh. I seized the oppty and ran with it! (Or literally ran to it).   The rest of the bridal party looked at me like I was insane considering we were sitting in the lobby coffee shop, they just didn't get it. But it's ok, it was worth it. By this point we were already 6 hours into our day and I was overdue for my next caffeine bolus. We ran the 2 blocks over in our heels, up do's and long dresses and returned with cold brew in hand plus a little more spring in my step. I was ready to grab our 2 hr photo sesh by the horns! The shop is a minimalist coffee bar offering the basics- espresso based drinks, great quality coffee and cold brew.  It was a hot summer day so I opted for the cold brew... It was worth the persistence. The baristas were very friendly and efficient. I only saw I lonely cookie sitting on a tray but I was a bit pressed for time and for their Sunday hours, it was relatively later in the day so that might not be representative of their norm. Worth a visit, will be back!
Café Différance was one of the best coffees we had during our recent visit to Montreal. It was bit of a walk from our hotel to Victoria Square, but well worth it.The shop is pretty small but there is a fair amount of seating. Café Différance has a small selection of baked goods also. We had the sweet brioche and it was so good we went back for seconds. I had an espresso with steamed milk and it was excellent.  Café Différance is a great little place and highly recommended.
Yes! Quality beans, handsome sorta business-hipsterish patrons, almond milk and freshly baked goods. Exactly what I needed to pick up en route to the office after a very short night (seriously, who in their right mind would go out for drinks on a Sunday night?).My almond latté was A+. I just wish it came in a bigger format for extra rough mornings. I also picked up a raisin cinnamon brioche and a chocolate chip cookie (for afternoon cravings. Also, just because it looked AMAZING and sorta gooey!). Considering that the brioche was devoured in probably less than 120 seconds, I can safely say that it truly hit the spot.I loved the industrial feel of the place, but it's definitely not the kind of café where you would spend the whole day, trying to get work done. And you know what? That's just perfect, too. There's nothing worse than hitting a crowded café where students have taken over and you can't even find a seat to eat a bite for 5 minutes before you're on your way to more incredible adventures in this crazy life!Now that Art Java on President-Kennedy has closed down (RIP), this spot will probably become my regular coffee place whenever I'm working in Montreal :)
Stopped in from the cold to grab an espresso drink and it was delicious. They have nice window seating that allows you to people watch as you enjoy your coffee. There's not a whole lot of seating but the important thing is the coffee!
I would rate the cafe 4 stars but I have to give it 5 because of the lovely staff. Best coffee in the area. Beside my work place so I go there almost everyday. Their Chocolatine are perfect too.
Very cool design, great service, but the most important part... the coffee was not great. It was bitter, and I've had 49th beans before, so I know it's not the coffee.
Great cappuccinos and croissants. Very well priced and friendly service. This is the perfect place to sit down with a coffee and a good book and enjoy a delicious pastry.
This is a third wave joint that's in my top coffee echelon for the city. Best coffee south of René-Lévesque; the closest great alternatives are Tunnel in the Eaton Centre, Pikolo on Parc, and Pourquoi Pas on Amherst. The great chocolate cookies mark them as a member of the Névé-Flocon café empire, and like Flocon, this is a spot I'll go out of my way to visit. Good wifi; very good pastries; efficient staff making espresso drinks faster than average for a steady stream of Caisse/Bourse/etc. professionals as well as baristas from other leading cafés. Seating is ample enough but more angular than cosy, in keeping with the austere concrete and glass decor.
I'm lucky for this to be round the corner from me. The coffee is great and they have non dairy options. A treat every time.
Dropped in for a coffee to go...it's damn good coffee!  It tasted familiar and I asked if they roasted their beans or ordered it from somewhere in Canada and the barista let me know the beans I was having was from 49th Parallel in Vancouver!  So Vancourites, if you're missing your awesome coffee from home you should drop by here.I also ordered a scone which was also delicious and was on my way.  I'm not to sure about the amenities at the shop but it's a cool little space but I think the people watching might be at a minimum unless something is happening at the convention center since it's off a smaller street in Old MTL.Oh yeah - staff was really friendly
Awesome coffee! Had both cappuccino and flat whites and both were delish. Also had a chocolate croissant which was flakey and fresh. Friendly service also. Clean and bright seating area. Recommended!
Tucked-in between two other coffee shops in the heart of the financial district, Café Différance stands out like a little giant - mostly because of its amazing staff and impeccable brew.I've had the pleasure of stopping by many early Saturday mornings and tried the punchy Espresso, the smooth Macchiato and my favorite, a creamy and frothy Latté! Annie the friendly Barista explains to me that the secret of the thick and rich foam is to carefuly warm up cold milk to its desired temperature, layer by layer, and not to rush it. As for the perfect espresso shot, you have to get the timing right. Too fast and coffee will be too light. Too long and coffee will taste burnt. Last, acidity has to do with the type of beans... luckily you won't run out of choices as you will find different types of roasts from Phil & Sebastian, Bows & Arrows and 49th Parallel.To accompany your beverage, you have to try one of the fabulous pastries that are baked on premise... ham and cheese scones, blueberry and white chocolate scones, giant chocolate cookies, mini-cup sized brownies and so many other treats.When you have time, stop by for a quick fix with the superior quality you'd expected from an independent coffee shop. Also say hi to young and energetic owner Daniel and the four baristas who are sometimes all there during busy weekday mornings!
Great ice-coffee (cold brew). Good croissant. They serve Fentimans (botanically brewed beverages) which is my favorite brand of soft drinks. I worked there for few minutes on my laptop (they have internet).
Top quality coffee drinks. I especially love their cortados (petite latte). I go here everyday that I'm in downtown Montreal.
If not for the indie coffee passport I would have never made it down to Differance, but I'm glad I did! Friendly staff, nice atmosphere, and tasty coffee, what more to ask for? They're brewing 49th parallel and Phil & Sebastian, all good there.The only downsides - while the place was mostly quiet, rocking out to good music, huge crowds would just pop up from time to time. Also, not much seating, and you essentially sit in front of a big mirror. Best not have anything sensitive or incriminating on your laptop...
Excellent coffee drinks. I had an espresso and latte both were above average the pastries were good as well.
They know their coffee. Only place I've found in Mtl that knows what a cortado is. Cool hip staff and modern clean interior. If this place gets busy they have a larger staff to handle it. Not a place to find food.
divine coffee in a boring neighborhood.depending on the time and what day you go, place can be buzzing or entirely dead. i got the dead time of day.. but the mirrored wall is quite welcomed when its dead. it gives you company! sure, it may be you looking back at yourself while some awesome music is playing in the background. its better than nothing!coffee is totally divine. loved their espresso even though it is more acidic than i'm used to but nonetheless, good stuff!i wouldn't go out of my way to hang but in the neighborhood? definitely the top coffee stop. who knew there would be awesome coffee in the old montreal area?
Great cafe.  Introduced to Cortinos.  The staff is friendly and craft fine drinks.  A must visit if near convention center.
Alright, admittedly this lacks a dose of what I usually look for in a cafe, a sense of cozy warmth, some respite and love and welcome. But this is a well polished, fast moving, and very friendly member of that new breed. Carefully sourced and roasted beans, professional baristas, all that third wave precision in a pocket sized sliced of old mtl, plus big windows to boot. There's a line that flies quickly, even now when the block is bogged down by construction. Not relaxing, but good for a great brew on the go.
The best espresso drink I have had in a while. They have picked their roaster well and the espresso roast is a blend. Dramatically different taste. Agree with most of the other reviewers. Will be visiting them often during my stay in Montreal
My favourite cafe in the financial district.The coffee is great, the service is fast (well, by Montreal standards), and the pastries are tasty and fresh.The venue is modern, and it's good if you just want to grab your coffee to go or stay and read/catch up with someone briefly.
Just outstanding owner-barista with an attention to detail bordering on fanatical (like weighing the coffee before pouring). Using the best of the best espresso machine in the world with out-of-this-world temperature control (within 0.1C tolerance). Fantastic selection of grains from boutique roasters.Bottom line: the coffee tastes fabulous and they know how to draw the milk just hot enough without burning it. It draws a regular crowd of aficionados who, rightly, swear by it. As I do. Highly highly worth the detour.
The coffee and food here taste good. The coffee beverages are authentic and would satisfy the average coffee lover. The location itself is clean and bright. I only gave 1 star because: (i) the coffee beverages are only available in one size - and it's TINY. It's much smaller than a starbuck's tall. I like to sip my morning coffee for more than 2 minutes so I wish they at least had the option of a bigger size; (ii) The staff was surprisingly rude. For example, they have a tray of pastries at the counter but nothing is labeled and you can't tell what's inside of them. When I asked the girl what they were she was visibly perturbed and sighed in annoyance before telling me what they were. There was a short guy with dark hair on the beverage station. When I asked him if he had lids for the 'to-go' cups he rolled his eyes and pointed to a counter off to the side as if to say "they're obviously right there". It was rude and unnecessary. I was only in there for 3 or 4 minutes and left the shop feeling like a bag of crap. Not a good way to start the day. I hate to say it, but at least the staff at Starbucks have basic customer skills like smiling and being polite to customers. I won't be back to this coffee shop.
They took coffee seriously here. I had filtered coffee, which was full in flavor, definitely on par with the high end drip coffee in the San Francisco Bay Area.  The hot chocolates came with coffee art! It was the best hot chocolate I ever tasted, though my son had to add more sugar :)
Pretty good soy steam, pretty good cow milk steam, pretty good espresso pull. Okay chocolate chip cookie.
Best coffee in the area. Staff are delightful and space is great. We're blessed to have such good coffee so close to home!!
I came for the coffee (needed a break from my usual places) and loved the bike-friendly atmosphere and the coffee-bar-style setup. This isn't really a café to hang-out in; although it's happened quite frequently. It's a get in and get out with great coffee kind of place.The staff is also, well, pretty spectacular. Try the Coffee Shot or the Allongé (the later of which I always thought was a terrible drink for cheapskates - but they've managed to elevate it to something highly enjoyable.)
One of the best lattes in downtown Montreal!  For some reason as foodie as Montreal gets, we're just not as picky of our latte.  Can anyone explain why?  However they make it with the right ratio of expresso and milk, and obviously better beans and milk than most.
Café Différance is one of the classy coffee shops smack dab in the middle of the financial business district. As such, it's frequented mainly by business people and their super fancy cars and suits.The modern decor fits right with the whole business crowd. It's got that clean, sleek, classy look. Although I'm very non-business-persony, I still very much appreciate the modern feel of the place. The baristas were cool and gorgeous. The coffee was fantastic. The latte art came with the coffee, as always. I would have given this place a 5-star rating if it weren't for the crowd. Stay classy.
Great coffee. Fast service despite the long lines.
Decadent menu options and the service was lovely despite a packed house and one waiter. The plates coming out of the kitchen are gorgeous and tasty af. Thick slices of homemade bread and perfectly crisped potatoes. Good coffee too. Came for breakfast and kinda want to stay for lunch....
Not bad. Came for a little brunch. The Nutella french toast was pretty tasty, and I enjoyed some grilled sourdough bread with some house jams. A little pricey for what it was, but the place is charming (looks like you've stepped into Brooklyn) and next time I'm in town, I'll have to try some of the other options.
Fantastic little (literally tiny) spot! The coffee (I had a latte) is nothing special but the food was delicious. All plates are beautifully presented and well priced for the quality!. The portions are huge! The staff was friendly - a bunch of young girls working last weekend - however my only "negative" comment is that they spent most of the hour and a half we were there chit chatting and also talking to a group of their friends who stopped by, therefore not paying much attention to clients. Nonetheless, will definitely be going back to try some of the many brunch options we didn't get the chance to try.
Very pleased with this new brunch discovery. Came on Canada Day so the place was packed and we waited a while for food but the staff was super friendly and warned us there would be a longer than usual delay on the noms. They even brought us some freebie yogurts for our patience which is always a nice touch. French toast with bacon cheddar and fried egg was amazing as was the egg white scramble. Highly recommend for lovers of brunchness.
Best brunch in the area. Lovely place and a little terrasse very nice during the summer.
Oh wow! This place is the bomb! Try their "pain doré"! Amazing!!! It's a small place, so if you really wanna go, reserve in advance! I was lucky enough to find some spots available.
I've been looking for a foodie's dream place and I believe this is it. They make fresh bread and integrate various influences into there creations. I went there and got a pizza with proshuto  goat cheese and dandelion leafs! What I love about l'entre-pots is it's one of theses places where you can go to hang out on a Friday after work or grab a pastry for breakfast and every time you pallet will go for a ride.
The crepes, the chocolate and the maple syrup were wonderful!! Small place but feels authentic.
The best crepes Ive ever eaten and - other than an unbelievably over the top hospitable Texas rose I met one time in Austin- the nicest restaurant owner as well. Catherine is just the best, sooooooo friendly and professional and tells GREAT stories. I told her that this place is so famous in Toronto, that when I asked 3 people where should I eat, this name popped up as #1 for all three of them, and sure enough Catherine does not disappoint despite the very very high expectations. Plus it was nice to see one of my favourite Foodies tv show You Gotta Eat Here also had visited and loved it. Its the very first time in my life I was so stuffed - actually the whole family - that we needed to very unfortunately cancel the much anticipated dessert. Next time, I promise, we will leave room for dessert. Please be warned, these servings are HUGE. You should probably only order one crepe per two people. YUMMMMMMMMM :) Thank you Catherine !!
Went there for a coffee. Ordered a capacino with a sweet croissant, but she heated salted croissant. When I asked for replacement she refused. They also only accept cash and debit, not credit.Cappacino was ok though.
I was looking for a place to get a late night dessert prior to leaving Montreal. I found this place down in the shopping district. Very good ice cream and a great crew. They stay open late as well.
Wow, purely by accident, my kids and I stumbled upon this tiny place facing the waterfront. SO glad we did!I have extolled the crepes from Montreal for months prior to visiting, so I was quietly praying that the crepes here wouldn't disappoint. And they didn't. Whew! We ordered two meal crepes and one dessert crepe. All were fantastic: light, airy, filled just right, with excellent ingredients, with a bit of wonderful maple syrup to drizzle on top. Truly the best crepes ever. We were too full afterwards for the much-touted maple ice cream, but my kids made me promise to return for some later on in the week.Other notes: we sat outside, which afforded us a fantastic place to people-watch and admire the waterfront and the passing caleches. Only problem: it was a sunny and hot day, with no umbrellas to shield us from the sun (as the other adjacent bistros and cafes had). One big plus, though: nice bathroom inside to use if needed. Plus, the gals that work here could NOT be nicer! We will definitely be back.
Staff was very nice. Good ice cream and crepes. Not much in the way of seating. More of a grab and go place.
The crepe was really good.What's the problem then? I asked for mine to go, as I had to run back to the hotel to check out.  "To go" apparently means on an open paper plate you get to carry through the streets to the Metro while scarfing down a bite here and there. When I expressed surprise about this not being really a practical to-go package, all I got back was "That's how we do it."  Crepes are really easy to wrap up in a paper triangle, which is how they've been served to me in the past.  So... don't take it to go.
The crepes here is overrated, it's just average. The service is really good and the location is good.
Lots of desserts and ice creams to choose from. The service was excellent and quick. The crepes and fresh berries were amazing!  The only disappoint was the soft served ice cream served with our crepes. Considering they serve real ice cream it wouldve been a better choice to go with.
OMG I love their ice creme dipped in chocolate. I ordered a medium and it was too much even for me. tasted amazing and I cried when I had to throw the rest of it away.
Ahhh, those cute little "Chez" places we always hear others talking about...Well, Chez Catherine is actually Catherine's place, which she recently opened, to serve some of the best crepes and coffee we had a chance to find during our enjoyable recent stay in Montreal.  And we looked around all over and gobbled other crepes down wherever we could (we would often split one so we could then go to another place and split the next one.  Yeah, we like to eat!).What makes Chez Catherine a five star find is a combination of pleasures that start on a strong foundation of one really friggin' good crepe!  I mean, my newly wedded wife is a yoga instructor and she commented, without a hint of hyperbole or mistaken metaphor, that these crepes had "breath".  And by that she meant a lightness and airy quality that is otherwise hard to describe but damn easy to taste.  And taste we did.  We came back a couple days later for seconds.  They were that good.The other wonderful aspect is that Montreal in summer is overrun with tourists and that means inflated tourist prices as well as insensitive service, but even though Chez Catherine has a great location down by the water the prices don't gouge you for the premium location.  As well, Catherine herself is there to pamper you and also share stories about her business, including that her husband's colleague's parents retired and took up the hobby of hand making maple syrup and packaging small runs, which Catherine points out as she serves to you your maple syrup to pour over your fabulous crepe that has the breath of the good life still within it.  Winner.
WOW. Best crepes I have ever had! Very friendly. A must visit if you are in the Old Montreal area...
First the obvious, if you're after ice cream or gelato, cruise the streets a bit and check out the flavors available. Get a few free tastes, especially of the "house specials." We did the same, and one thing we found was that not every shop had well-frozen product. The last thing you need is ice cream already on its way to ice cream soup. We checked out Chez Catherine, and they almost dared us to try their Maple Taffy flavor. If you love maple syrup, maple flavor, this will knock your socks off! I had the Maple Taffy and Rum Raisin, scooped into a waffle cone. My wife got the Maple Taffy plus a scoop of Mint Chocolate, to sort of tame the sweetness of the Maple. The ice cream was good and firm, well frozen, and we were able to eat a large portion with a spoon, keeping the whole process a bit neater. After reaching the cone, it was pure heaven, with the cone plus the ice cream to enjoy. Seriously good ice cream, very friendly and attentive staff, and a delight to eat. Only problem? It's 2000 miles from our home!
This place is a must!!! Best crêpes ever and the owner is super hot and friendly staff with lots of home made crêpes to choose from. I could have spent whole the day there. Stop by and you will not be disappointed if I may suggest something try the chocolate banana crêpes
Quaint little establishment which serves great crepes with friendly service.  I had the dessert crepe with bananas and delicious maple syrup.  Reasonably priced and very easy to locate.
My mom and I fell upon this little place and loved it. We spilt a crepe filled with wonderful chocolate and banana and then a scoop of maple ice cream which was so amazing. The woman helping us we found out was the owner and she couldn't be more pleasant, helpful and kind.  She even took out a map to helpl us plan out our last day. We don't speak any French, but she was wonderful helping us in English. Definitely worth stopping by for a nice treat. Food was amazing.
Chez Catherine is a wonderful little place.  The staff is always most welcoming and helpful.  The soft ice cream is delicious - it does not have that chemical-fake taste like the soft ice cream at McDonald's or DQ. The chocolate dip is real Belgian chocolate.  I don't even usually like chocolate dipped cones, but this one had me at the first bite (or lick).  The banana splits are served with real whipped cream; the strawberry sauce is made there - it is the real McCoy!  The crepes are also very tasty and all the ingredients are freshly made. They even serve with genuine plates and cutlery.  It is a treat to eat at Chez Catherine.
I was here tonight with my husband. The waiter was really kind and helpful, exactly when we ordered. I was eating Pho soup with chicken, my husband chose Pad Thai with chicken. Both were really good! The waiter brought some green tea too, I liked it very much. The atmosphere was nice, It looked really traditional. I'm pretty sure we're going back in the future!
Tiny place downstairs with very intimate seating. Most customers come here by themselves after work, myself included. I had no idea what to order, but I knew I wanted some soup. The host suggested a combo that comes with soup, spring rolls and a main dish consisting of rice, vegetables and shrimps. The soup gets 5 stars. I had too much food after that. The spring rolls are crunchy and flavourful. The lemongrass shrimp has a very subtle taste to it, so not strong at all, which is great. Loved the Jasmine tea as it was very new for me. The food keptcoming very fast and the levelof attentiveness was excellent.
I ordered for delivery one night at 6:30 PM and I did not receive my order until 9:45 PM, when I was told that it should take 45 minutes for my order to arrive. I called after one hour and was told it was coming, I called after two hours and was told the same thing. Making someone wait for food for over 3 hours is unacceptable. That being said, the food was really tasty when it arrived. Another thing even though it states clearly that they offer delivery, on numerous occasions when I called for delivery they told me it was not possible. Don't say you have delivery if it's not always the case.
This unassuming little place is a real gem amongst Vietnamese-Thai restaurants.  I've been here twice and both times I left completely satisfied with the food , the service and especially the price.  They take some pride in using simple, natural ingredients.My only complaint, and it's a small one, is that as a vegetarian I found there to be fairly few options.
My parents and I decided to go try it after spending the afternoon with my sister at the Ste-Justine hospital. We were seated almost as soon as we walked in. After a few minutes of looking at the menu, we had a few questions. The waiter, who's also the owner, answered them clearly and then said not to tell him anything and that he would take us in charge. That was the beginning of one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had. He gave us a full traditional vietnamese meal with 2 appetizers and 3 courses. For desert, he gave us fried ice cream. No you didn't misread, I really said fried ice cream. Do I recommend this restaurant? No. I urge you to try it out.
This is one of the best kept secrets of Cote-des-Neiges. I was looking for a restaurant that made deliveries and La Saigonaise popped under my radar. When I called the guy told me deliveries were for a minimum of 25$, so I had to order 3 dishes to fulfill the quota. I got their popular soup, a plate of grilled chicken and beef, and another with some spicy beef. I had a bit of an appetite, but I didn't expect that I'd be able to finish all three dishes the same evening, but I did. It was that good.
I come here from time to time to have good Thai food for great prices.Its a little tricky to find this place though I must say. I ve been always hearing reviews and raves about this in and around yelp, but I've just never found it. Until one cold day when just passing by i saw the tiny door to the entrance. The Host who I assume was the owner was very sweet, and our server was very courteous.The place is very small, so I could imagine how crowded the rush hours must go like. If that is environment is not your cup of tea, I strongly suggest visit this place for one of the weeknights around 8 or 9 ish. Aside that, The food is splendid. From what I can remember I think we paid about 20 per person tip and tax inclu. The food itself was very refreshing, and the menu standard for many thai restaurants. Overall I cant say that the place impressed me as much to give it a WOW "I cant believe this place is so awesome"" feel but it did leave me feel happy to come back and visit again. :)
Surrounded by at least 3 other Vietnamese restaurants, La Saigonaise stands out with their excellent service, great food and big portions! It's a little hard to notice if it's your first time but look for their menu in the stand facing Cote des Neiges Boulevard and their small terasse in the summer months. Choose from a variety of authentic Vietnamese dishes and if you're unsure of what to take the owner is always ready to make a suggestion. Their Tonkinoise soup is huge and none of my friends will ever order anything else. I've had a few different plates including the Pad Thai and the chicken vermicelli, both were great. I have to suggest their desserts though, especially their fried banana!
Used to live near this one and went there very often.One of the best traditional Thai food  I had (believe I've tried many) and it's also really healthy. The waiters are very kind and will be please to answer every questions you might have. I pretty much went trough the whole menu and never been disappointed. The spring rolls are beyond amazing. I went there with a lot of friend and they also enjoy it as much as I do.
The Best tonkinoise Soup in Montreal!
MTL's symbolAuthentic MTL's orange juice.If you are from MTL then you know this place. Nothing else to say. Sometimes, they got car show. People drive their old fashioned car to this place. When I came to MTL. I leave next to metro De La Savane. Just next to this orange ball.Have to try if you never did.
Gibeau Orange Julep is a fast food restaurant that is located off of Decarie that has been around since '45.  Started by Hermas Gibeau to serve up his version of the Orange Julius, I was pretty excited to check this restaurant out, more so because of the building structure.  Yes, it is shaped like a big orange!  It's about 40 feet wide in diameter and about 3 stories high; you really can't miss it when you get off the Metro!  The hubs and I went later in the evening, and when you walk in, you order up with one of the cashiers.  I tried a cheeseburger combo, which came with a side of fries and an Orange Julep drink (which is an orange cream drink made with Sunkist oranges); a corn dog, and a 2-dog combo (one Michigan (which is topped with a ground meat chili sauce) and a toaste, all dressed.  The burger itself was just okay, but the buns were a bit stale and the patty slightly dried out.  The corn dog, while having a nice crisp exterior, was filled with a pale, bland-tasting dog T___T  The hot dogs were also underwhelming; the chili was tomato-based, but was bland in taste, and the toaste, while the buttered up toasted bun was tasty, the dog and the fixings were night.  The highlight was the Orange Julep drink, as it was cold, sweet, creamy, and refreshing - I actually really liked it!  Staff were friendly, and there is some counter where you can stand and eat; most just pick it up to-go.  This roadside attraction is interesting to check out, more to take pictures of the orange-shaped structure.  You can pick up some Orange Julep along the way, but forget their food items!+cool orange-shaped structure!+Orange Julep beverage+friendly staff+plenty of parking
landmark bla bla bla bla. big orange bla bla bla bla. orange julep yo bla bla bla bla.despite all this, i'm pretty meh about it. its not a place you go out of the way for it unless its an evening in the middle of summer and there's something going on nearby (like car nights) otherwise, you're wasting time.if you're going to the airport, sure, stop by and vice versa (dropping from the airport)anyway, the dogs are not bad but pricey. actually, everything is expensive as fuck. as for the julep itself, its no better than what you can whip at home at half the price and twice the size. i mean, frozen OJ, milk, vanilla, sugar, ice and egg whites. want it richer? replace half the milk with 35% cream. want an even simpler recipe? sunny D and vanilla ice cream. you probably wouldn't even tell the difference. if you have kids? you'll thank your wallet for this. but that big orange. find a picture of it and cast it on your big ass tv and sit on the patio. it'll be the same experience.if you're visiting, go once to experience otherwise, meh
If you've never ventured out to the Orange Julep on Decarie near Jean Talon, do yourself a favour and go. Now. The Julep they sell in retail outlets really cannot compare in any way. Served ice cold and - I believe - made on the premises, you can buy the frothy goodness in small cups all the way up to large plastic litre jugs. So good. If you are looking for a snack to go with your drink, indulge in a toastie (toasted hotdog) or a poutine (my personal favourite). The latter is served with generous portions of cheese curds and proper poutine gravy. Oh and did I mention the fries? Anyone who has had a proper Montreal poutine will tell you it is all about the fries - and Orange Julep has 'em.Wednesday nights Spring - Fall, swing by for Classic Car Night.A Montreal institution.
Oh the orange. The famous orange julep tasted like a mix of egg nog and orange juice. It was very sweet and creamy. Their poutine wasn't anything special but the gravy sauce was pretty good. This place seems to have become a tourist attraction! I heard that it was built in the 70's and that there were more than one orange at the time. Imagine multiple oranges this size spread throughout Montréal! :) It is accessible via Métro (get off at Station Namur and look for the orange, voilà).
Novelty at its finest. Place is packed all the time. Diner style; housed inside a giant orange dome. They are supposed to have some magical pricey orange juice. Was nothing special. I got the frappe and it had ice cream in it. Was better then the regular one. Poutine was awesome; however it was really pricey.I guess its good to get a genuine MTL experience
Like most people, I'm sure, I just can't get enough of that Orange Julep!  Sure, a lot of people say it's like Orange Julius, but it's not the same.  Whenever I travel on Decarie and see that big orange ball, my heart is filled with excitement and joy.OK, the gushy part of the review is over now.In practical terms, don't expect a haute cuisine experience here, this is an old-school diner style restaurant, just without the indoor seating.  In previous years, the servers used to bring you the food on roller skates, but now you just pick it up yourself at the window.They serve regular chain restaurant food: hot dogs, fries, hamburgers, poutines, along with a few other options like tuna sandwiches and salmon patties.As a vegetarian, I appreciate that they offer veggie burgers, veggie hot dogs, and even veggie pogos!  These kind of things are often hit or miss, but at the Orange Julep I've always found the veggie options to be very tasty.Extra bonus, the poutine gravy is veggie-based!Admittedly, I find the fries to be rather disappointing, but all I really care about is the cheese (and not eating meat), so I'll settle for the compromise on fry quality.Gibeau Orange Julep has been a Montreal fixture (in various incarnations) since 1932.  If you haven't been there yet, what are you waiting for?
A Montreal institution and well known venue with God dogs, fries and the inexplicably delicious Orange Julep juice. A concoction made of fresh OJ, cream and eggs. All in and old 60s era giant orange probably visible from low orbit. Usually all the  dudes with old muscle cars show off their rides in the huge parking lot on weekend evenings.
This is a must-go place in Montreal!Highlights:* PoutineSo much yummy gravy for a sauce-boss right here!* Hot dogs How do you make them so good..? Keep in mind that the hot dog is smaller than your usual hot dog stand sizes; I think those who are "hangry" can actually consume 2-3 hot dogs from here haha* Orange juice Duh! It's really delicious - it's creamy and kind of milky? I'm making it sound weird but it tastes so delicious. I bought a few jars back home :D
The only place on Earth to get a cup of julep. So delicious. Although slightly expensive, but well worth it. The food is average, but I come for the julep.The orange shaped orange building is iconic and visible from the sky as you fly into Montreal.  A must for every trip to Montreal.
Nice place for a hot dog and poutine. Orange Julep is a must. If you want to try a real street food stuff and eat outside you should go there. Not a dinner place. More like lunch but definitely worth it.
Orange julep is an institution in Montreal. A place to meet up. You may come here for the greasy spoon food but I come here for one thing. Luscious delicious Orange Julep. Sure it's like the Orange Julius I grew up with (in Western Canada) but I believe it's better. Firstly it comes out of a huge chemistry like looking futuristic tube of what looks like a draft tap. Secondly I have a guilty pleasure. I take it home and put it in the freezer and drink it semi frozen. that is if I can make it last to home which is a good test of self will power. Orange Julep is a Montreal landmark. On summer nights you see car clubs meeting up here or biker dudes . They all come here and many leave with a milkshake like texture of Orange delight. Overpriced? I don't think so. You may (at around $5 a drink) but to each their own. If you like Oragne creamsicles come grab one. Try putting it in the freezer. It shrinks, but it's my secret mixture that's even more refreshing the colder it is.
Just ate here today and found the food OK. Not amazing but a nice pit stop if you happen to be in the area and hungry.It was quite busy on a Sunday night. But the vibe here is really relaxed and lots of families come here. If they had a movie playing on a projector somewhere though I would give it another star. I think this place could be a great eat/movie place
The Iconic Montreal Orange is a must !Like every kitshy awesome thing you'd find on the road, it makes the journey more interesting. Your typical roadside atttraction, the giant orange has a lot to offer. It's a fast food, burger, hotdogs, fries, poutines.... All served with their famous orange juice.Nobody can figure out what the secret ingredient in the OJ is and sometimes it's just better not to know. :) I think it might be ice cream but no idea... Anyway it's awesome. The Orange Julep is legend and you have to try it. Just because it's a restaurant in an orange, not so much because of the food but you need to try the hole concept.Not more expensive than a McDonald combo and so much more Montreal.
Five stars for the mega orange alone. I'm a sucker for novelty restaurants, especially when they come in weird shapes and sizes. I spotted the enormous orange when I flew into MTL and I made it my mission to see it up close.We came at lunch time on a Saturday. No line. We got hot dogs and orange juleps. Both very tasty. After the meal we asked a waitress to take our picture. She took a bunch, including some at weird angles. Overall, a huge success.
A review manly for tourists but the locals know what's up... Orange julep, what a fun little place!I've been to Montreal twice now, once in the winter and now in the summer, and I must say this place is always a go to spot. You can't miss it as there is a gigantic orange (that is literally bigger than any of the surrounding structures) their orange "drink" is quite unique. Many might say "oh its just like an orange Julius" to that I say nice try but no it ain't.  It's yummy comfort food!  They got hamburgers,  hot dogs,  putine and even ice cream (which is the best soft serve I've ever had). But beyond that.... People! Lots of people!  The parking lot is often a get together place for motorcycle enthusiasts, classic and modern car enthusiasts and everything else in between. It has outdoor seating in the summer , mostly benches and in the winter they tarp off a small area so you can still stay warm in the bitter cold of montreal. I know that on the way to the airport I'm grabbing a large one to go. Btw, how often do you get to play xbox on a Lamborghini in a parking lot next to a giant orange.....umm only once (even got free sunglasses after the demo).Whenever I'll pass a DQ that has a orange Julius I'll shake my head and say.... it's not a orange julep!
I must to anyone who is visiting Montreal. The food is "o.k"., but their opening hours make ip for it. The one thing you must try is their Julep juice. Ask them to add ice cream to your drink; it takes it to another level.
The Orange julep drink itself scares me.. It comes in from a giant tube of some sort... I don't get it and they won't tell me what's in it. I've tried it and it's mysterious to me still. Heard there was egg whites in it. Pretzels, ice cream, hot dogs (nathans) and burgers and more!!! They serve so much variety! Great dive to bring a picky fast food person. Endless choices.
Wow! So finally I can say I've had an orange juice from Orange Julep, haha. Aaaaaand it did not hit a home run! My first sip of the juice was a jolt, as I was expecting freshly squeezed orange juice and that's it, no additives. Orange Julep's version,however, is clearly doctored with a LOT of added sugar. Now, I like sugar, don't get me wrong. I've even been accused of liking too much sugar at times. HOWEVER, when you advertise that your juice is made from fresh Sunkist oranges and don't write anything else, AND you charge $5 for a medium cup that's more like a larger small (and have the audacity to charge $12.50 for the gallon or whatever largest size that is), I expect freshly squeezed orange juice and that's it. God knows how many grams of sugar are in those size mediums.....Ugh. It really is like they dumped a bunch of pixie sticks into the drink!
The most delicious orange juice I've ever had. It had this creamy kick to it. Food wasn't so great. Had the poutine which was good but the grilled cheese was simple.
The giant orange ball is impossible to miss and you can spot it from the top of Saint Joseph's Oratory. I only had one thing - the orange julep - and it was SO GOOD.  Any OJ fan must try this drink.  It's made of fresh orange juice, milk and some special delicious ingredient.  It was light and refreshing and a total must have!
I live close and have been a few times but it is more bells and whistle then substance. It's typical potato shack food with a twist of adding a funky orange drink with some kind of cream which is a hit or miss, people either love it or completely dislike it. I personally do not like the drink but I know some people who love it. It could be a nice late night summer place with all the hyped up cars in the yard it's impressive
The Orange Julep is sublime & Best Berger Place in Montreal since I started going there in 1968 - it's been running since about 1934!
you want to come here for the freshly squeezed out orange juice riiiiight? nothing beats that delicious drink! poutine and hot-dogs, seem casual right? nothing special, but that's the trick!!! simple is awesome!!!
I recommend making a stop when in Montreal. Not necessarily for the food, which is basically fast food, but the Orange drink. Tastes like an orange creamscicle. I'm not a huge fan of the sugary orange flavor, but my son really liked the big orange ball.
Been going there since I was a kid living in Montreal.  You must have the Julep, and have them add ice cream to make it a "frappe".  Food is OK, nothing special, your regular OK fast food.   I have found nothing in my travels that is like an Orange Julep. Very unique.
Ok well this place definitely doest earn 5 starts anyone that think it does is crazy . The juice is ok the burger was average it cost way to much for what I can get in this town for 10$ ... I can say this it's worth trying one time 3 stars no lower or higher . Better places out there for the money your spending
How is it that I don't have a review for this place? Insane.The Orange Julep is a Montreal institution... a sight and wonder while driving up or down "Highway" 15. Who can miss this huge orange and not be interested to try it out at least once in their life? This place is well known for its fast food and sweet orange juice. Is it pricey? Absolutely! Is it still worth it? OH YEAH!!!! Why do you think this place has survived the test of time?How's the other comfort food? I like it well enough. Their combos are decently priced, I really like their Michigan hot dogs and their fries are somewhat unique and tasty. Their poutine is solid enough though if you're a tourist, try it elsewhere first.But ultimately folks come here for the orange juice. It's sweet, creamy, frothy? and most importantly... it makes you HAPPY.I've been coming to this drive-in since I've been a child. My mother used to work on the other side of the street at the Hotel and my dad and I would grab some drinks once in awhile because heck... why not? Solid memories folks.Occasionally, if you're lucky... you might visit this place on car show nights with folks driving their nice cars to the drive-in.They are open all year long.
Don't always believe the hype when it comes to Montreal.This place is only a 'souvenir'. Today it's a inexplicably expensive regular fast food restaurant. The orange juice they serve is a home recipe, made with water, pressed orange juice and sugar added. $5 for a relatively small cup. It is not pure pressed orange juice, which would sell for the same price elsewhere in Montreal.The Poutine is no longer anything special, save for the price - $7 for a small size.As you can figure up, it will quickly add up to $15/person if not more.Basically, there is a La Belle Province just across the street, as well as a Harvey's just in sight.  Cross the road and you will find proper seating and same food quality - or better - at a regular fast food restaurant.
Came here with my wifey, we're newish to Montreal. My Mom lived here in the 70s and told me to go to this place, that she used to go there.It was cool. Awesome sunny day, ordered a couple of burgers, fries and orange juleps, and sat on the benches. Felt like we were in a 50s diner or something. Classics playing over the speakers. I loved it. Food was junkyish, but was a cool experience. I dig. :)
I guess Orange Julius hasn't crossed into Canada yet eh? For the American yelpers think of the julep was an orange Julius made without ice. For my Hawaii people think of a melted orange bang. Those are the closest things that come to mind that can draw some kind of comparison. While I prefer to have an Orange bang over a Julep I am sure that my opinion would be different if I was a native Montrealer. To me it's the little things that make the difference. Believe it or not, I have never had a hot dog on a New England Hot Dog Roll (you know the buttery toasted ones that lobster rolls are served on) and man it makes a world of difference. If this is how they made hot dogs for the past few decades, it's no wonder why they are still here!Whenever I am on travel I love coming to places like this. Pure unadulterated slice of gut busting food from yesteryear. Sometimes you just need to eat and reminisce about a time where we didn't need to know the nutritional value and just enjoyed the experience of going out and eating. Thank you Montreal Yelp for letting me know about this little slice of your childhood history!.
Honestly, yes the orange julep is unique, because of the orange juice and the big orange place itself, but I think its overrated. The orange juice I think is too sweet for me, and the food is not that special, it could be found everywhere. They have hotdog, fries and those basic fast food, but the orange juice is still a good to try for the first time. But after the first, I dont think its that worth going back here, its just a nice experience to see the big orange, and taste it.
Another Montreal institution and a concept lost in time. Whether you roll up or walk-in, it still gives off that feeling of a 50's drive-in. Classic rock blasting from every corner, park-in diners strewn across the lot, and a floating fluorescent sign flashing proudly in the corner. Make your way up to the counter and the first thing you notice is tubes leading up to god knows where. This is where the sweet orange glop is housed, presumably floating freely through the giant orange structure. Don't let that get to you though, you'll want this to wash everything down. Next, you're greeted by a clearly rushed, but never discourteous team. Don't bide your time though... people are waiting. After ordering, you make your way to the side and wait in anticipation, while you sip away on your julep. The food is pretty good for a cases croute. By no means unbelievable, but it has a certain taste to it that I have yet to see duplicated, and that's exactly why I keep coming back again and again.
This is my third time going and always the same thing the fries are dark but not cooked same with the 4 veg pogo 2 drinks ( the only thing that was good )  and 2french fries for 29$ is not cheap considering most of the food was trash .  Poutine is the worst poutine I've ever had in my life and I've had poutinezzzz from poutineVille to the the rest poutine to almost ever whole in the wall . The French fries are horrible, or they just don't change/clean the fryer oil . What ever the problem is I don't see how people love the food when the only thing on the menu that is good is the orange drink and maybe the ice cream .
Orange Julep, what in the heck is that you might ask? Well, picture a melted orange creamsicle in beverage form. It's some sort of concoction consisting of OJ, milk, egg whites and sugar and the result is one of the best things you will ever drink. It's got a frothy head, a smooth consistency, it's incredibly tasty, and probably packed with 1000 calories, but who cares! If ever in Montreal you must try it! While I love the julep (who couldn't love a gigantic orange dispensing orange drinks?), I would also highly recommend the poutine. The fries are great, the gravy is rich and flavorful and the cheese curds top it all off. The only minor negative is that it can be pricey. The julep is not a cheap drink, so get a medium, I promise you it's enough!
Pros to this place....well-situated. Metro is close-by, autoroutes are all merging there. Huge parking lot. Negatives..... Very expensive food , bland tasting food. Nothing extraordinary about it. Basically it's an overpriced food that you can easily surpass in quality at just about any fast-food joint.Would not recommend to anyone, nor would I ever go back there to eat.
Orange Julep is a Montreal staple, for good reason. What they serve is classic. Their hot dogs are just full of beefy, juicy flavour. Their signature orange drink..who could go wrong with that? It never disappoints! But the prices..ouff..the prices hurt. 10.99$ for 2 steamies, a fry and a drink? RIDICULOUS. It is so over priced. I hate going to a place KNOWING I'm being scammed. I don't enjoy myself.
It's a big orange building that serves one of the best drinks I've ever had. Decor/Ambiance- 2/5Yay it's a humongous orange shaped spot! Wait a minute..I have to eat in the car? And the bathroom is practically on the other side of the circumference? Dammit!Service- 2/5I always ask questions politely, as I believe that is how I should be treated. And yes- I know this is really a fast food joint. But damn- staff here acted like I was asking them if I could pay in pennies or something. Food- 4/5The BEST orange drink I have ever sipped on is sold here. A quart will run you 12 dollars. In hindsight, I should have bought as many as would fit in my car. The poutine was ok. Hot dogs were pretty good because they give them to you in an easy- access paper container. Bottom line- I would definitely come back just for the orange drink.
I came in on a random Sunday afternoon just before Christmas. There was nobody else in sight, which was not a bad thing as there is only one picnic table available inside during winter. They cooked my fries to order, topped with fresh curds (not always that easy to find), smothered with a thick rich brown gravy. Price tag a bit much at $9 for a small appetizer type poutine, but it was taassstttyyyy. Weirdness of the orange ball thing aside, maybe it's a tourist trap but I'll take my out of town friends for a poutine there before La Belle Pro any day. P.S. Use your GPS to find it. Not the easiest place to get to.P.P.S. They take US dollars at par.
It's probably super unhealthy but I drink a gallon of that stuff everytime I go. Everything's pretty good and they always have small car shows which makes it a nice lil event every time I go.
Nothing says Montreal like a giant orange overlooking the highway! Overall, its a great place to go if you are feeling a little nostalgic. I believe on Wednesdays many car lovers come and show off their toys. I love the atmosphere and their orange julep is incredible. Their food is not the greatest, kind of greasy confort food, but if you're in the mood for that then go for it! Also, it is dissapointing that you cannot see whats in that giant orange or know the secret ingredients of their famous drink.
Really good veggie pogos. Service can be slow at times but worth the wait. Staff are nice. Could smile i a little more but other than that its good
Today really seems to be a three star day. I just wanted a small caramel sundae. Asked for a "coupe glacee" and got a "cornet". Repeat myself 3 times until she understands what I want, ask for vanilla, and then she asks me if I want chocolate or vanilla topping. They don't even have vanilla topping, she just didn't know what caramel was or that thy even had that. C'mon guys. Even if she's new.  80% of your customers order the orange drink or ice cream. Get your sh** together.
Sad to not give this place 5 stars after hearing so much hype from friends, and as everyone's already mentioned the pro's, here are my cons:-SUPER expensive for junk food and the amount of food given-fries are gross and oily/limp and only tasted good smothered in poutine-no indoor seating so if it's windy or cold the eating experience kind of downgrades-bathrooms are groooossssssNonetheless, I would come back again for the OJ if it was on the way, but if you're visiting Montreal and don't have a car/are staying downtown, I can't say it's worth the trip.
Order the Poutine (awesome) & their signature Orange drink (good), ignore the rest of their menu, sit back & enjoy.A bit pricy, but one of the Best Poutine experiences you can have in MTL, the other being Foie Gras Poutine @ APC.
Their hotdog is better than the IKEA or costco hotdog. And their juice is better than tropicana or sunny d.
Terrible food. Long waits. Overpriced. Don't believe the other reviews! Avoid this dump and you'll save money and eat better.Fries were soggy and cold, totally falling apart when I tried to eat them with my hands and then turned into mush when I gave in and used a fork. The burger was completely lackluster - it was literally the worst burger I've had. Every fast-food place I can think of makes a better burger. The fake cheese completely enveloped the tiny burgers, the bun was paper-thin and flavourless, and their "all-dressed" toppings were practically non-existent. I was literally given a single three inch strip of onion, to put this into perspective. The orange drink was okay, not anything special, and definitely not worth the price they charge. I went at lunch so there was a bit of a line, but that doesn't explain why I  stood there waiting 10 minutes before ordering. They charged me $1 extra for the bacon on my burger, which is fine but follows an inconsistent logic: their cheeseburger comes with bacon, the double does not. When I got back to my office to eat it, I discovered they had forgotten to put the bacon on the burger at all. The whole meal cost $13.30, which is about double what it would cost for better quality frozen food from any of the other dozen fast-food burger places around.
Oh gosh, nasty nasty nasty. This was another one of the bf's great idea. "Oh, you planned the whole trip. I only have two requests - poutine and orange julep." How could I turn him down?Traffic was horrendous and we were happy to finally arrive under the giant orange ball. It looked like it belongs in LA. It didn't look particularly clean but that didn't deter the bf.The verdict? The orange julep was more watery than he expected and the burger looked worse than McDonald's. The fries were soaked in oil. Eww.
I wish I could have a direct line of orange julep to my house. You know, at the sink, three taps instead of two: hot/cold/julep. It's like a delicious orange milkshake.The poutine is pretty good too. And the hot dogs.But what's in the big orange? Is it filled with julep to the point of bursting? Stacks of fresh oranges piled up in 3-storey pyramids? Holy relics belonging to the Vatican? The recipe for Coca-Cola? We may never know.
BEST juleps of all time!! Seriously these are just wayyy too good. I'm giving 5 points based on the drink alone, I don't order the food. The juleppp just get the julep! do it.
Orange Julep Gibeau is possible the best place ever for refreshing orange juice in Montreal! This legendary institution, and the source of many childhood memories, has been serving the freshly-squeezed concoction since the early 1930s. Whether you're local or simply visiting Montreal, it's worth the stop-over.
A Montreal staple and my favorite poutine in the city. Sorry banquise.
A favorite of mine since childhood, orange juice but not just orange juice, it's like orange cream Popsicle in juice form, there perfect description.I'm totally biased about this place... When I think of orange julep, I remember the long summer days back when, we would come and hang out in the lot have some orange juice just after dark, it was still warm out with just a little breeze. There would be these young people with their cars, blasting Michael Jackson, beat it and Billie jean, and break dancing, and then you sip some orange julep, and it's like you're in heaven.I'll have two jugs to go please... :)
I don't think there is a single Montrealer who hasn't been here and if they haven't than they really aren't a true Montrealer anyway so it really doesn't matter. Orange Julep is a must try and a must return often type of place, although its open all year around these days it will always symbolize summer comfort food for me.I can't call it a good summer if I haven't enjoyed one of their amazing burgers, fries, poutine, hotdog, or poutines all washed down with the one and only orange julep shake, which can be likened to but never compared with an orange julius.Just writing this review makes me need my fix so I'll be hitting them up this week for sure and you should too
Sooo disappointed! This place used to have great tasty burgers which used to be delivered to your car by servers on roller skates but those days are over.Went back today after 10 years and cheeseburger was cold even though I picked it up from the stand. Bread was tasteless, so was the meat. I will go so far as saying - no good. The Julep however was the same.Eating in an old, unkept parking lot . Even the the entrance where u place your order looks unkept.....dirty.So many better places to get a burger but so disappointed to see a landmark, that could have stayed great....go down hill and  loose its reputation and quality compared to its hay days.Ps: watch out for the bees and gulls eyeing your food.
This is a staple in Montreal, my brother in law loves their OJ, burgers and poutine. So naturally, he had to drive 20min in the dreadful winter cold to introduce my Cali husband to the Orange Julep. The OJ was well worth it and their poutine is always mmm mmm good.
Best orange julep ever! It is kind of out of the way but if you have a car, definitely check it out. Awesome juice and amazing fatty fries with duck confit on top. What else can you ask for?!
There is absolutely nothing like Orange Julep anywhere! If you've flown in to Montreal, you might have noticed that huge Orange along the highway...and that's where you'll want to end up. This is a drink that is fruity, frothy, and delicious! It may look like plain ol' O.J. but you'd be wrong, it is a mix of fresh squeezed orange juice and some secret ingredient (my guess is powdered egg whites). Mixed together it makes a magical potion that you'll never forget. I am so glad they sell it in 2L size, because I could probably drink one all by myself in one sitting...don't judge me!They have some fast food items: hot dogs, burgers, poutine, and large stuffed pretzels; but you don't go for the food, you go for the drink.Wednesday nights in the warmer months are "Car Night" where people come by and show off their rims, engines, and whatnot. It's a fun, retro experience in a time where everything is going über high tech.
When we were in Montreal eating at the restaurant shaped like a big orange was on our to do list.  I expected more.  Well, actually I'm not sure what I expected, but it wasn't this.  However, we did enjoy the food.  The poutine was good, but the fries could have been cooked longer.  I found that for $22 my daughter and I got more food than we could even dream of eating.  She got the chicken wing meal and I got a hot dog and poutine.  I ate the dog(plain old hot dog), but was too full to eat all the poutine.  My daughter ate her wings, maybe a third of her fries and couldn't get to the slaw.  The highlight... the Orange Julep!  SO YUMMY!  Like a creamsicle in a cup.I think if we would have made it there before sundown we might have be able to take in the experience of eating outside at picnic tables.
The Orange Julep Gibeau is a Montreal institution, you drive past it on the decarie when you head into Montreal downtown.  We made it a point to stop in before heading to our Montreal downtown hotel.  Their infamous Orange Julep drink is what brings you to the orange ball, then you can enjoy their poutine and hot dogs.Orange Julep is like an Orange Julius drink but WAY better.  Frothy, creamy with loads of vitamin C.  I recommend getting a XL jug as it is the best value for $10.25.Next time, we are in Montreal, we might hit up Orange Julep Gibeau before we get to Montreal and we leave Montreal.This place is definitely 5 star worthy!
Oh Giant Orange Julep, it's been 10 years of driving on by you, never stopping, always wondering and tonight it finally stopped. But you didn't wow me. 10 years of wondering must have set my expectations soaring, but 10 years probably saw to a giant price increase? Let's face it, it wasn't cheap eating there, in fact not cheap at all, I got a Veggie Burger with Julep and a poutine, then I saw those Yo Dough cookies and thought I would give that a go too, and $22 dollars later, I could say my meal was ok. The Julep was tasty and the selection quite broad, (having veggie options, gluten free hotdogs, pasta, tuna salad, filet of cod etc.)So I guess I'm happy I finally checked it out, but maybe I'd have to go back in the summertime to re-live it all.
you start off getting the orange drank as part of your meal... one sip and you've crossed over to the dark side! you'll be paying for the $12 quart before you can even finish uttering the words "crack juice"poutine and hot dogs were good too (you will hate yourself after you finish it though)cheddar stuffed pretzel is just too much, i felt my heart stop a couple of times.no indoor seating, only outdoor seats available.  in the winter, you will have to eat it in your car or on the go.
I used to pass in front of Orange Julep wondering what was hidden beneath the notorious orange structure. I finally tried this Montreal landmark a couple of weeks ago. I ordered a hamburger-poutine trio served with their classic orange drink. I was expecting to become fond of their famous orange julep; however it was too sweet for my taste bites. Also, the hamburger was ordinary. Nothing special, just a regular hamburger. The poutine, on the other hand, was absolutely delicious. As I am fan of traditional poutines (no extra topics for me), I found their poutine exceptional. Just the right combination of good fries, delicious dark gravy sauce, and cheese kurds. If you are a poutine fan in search of another Montreal establishment offering an amazing version of this traditional dish, Orange Julep should be your next stop.
Whenever I'm on a flight from Europe and about to land, I always know I'm in Montreal by two landmarks which are easily identifiable from the air: The Olympic Stadium and the iconic Orange Julep.This place has taken tackiness and elevated it to an art form. The rollerblading waitresses from the 1950's are long gone, but the greasy burgers, fries, hotdogs, pogo sticks (or corn dogs for you Americans), and of course Orange Julep drink are all still there.Between May and September, try to go on a Wednesday night when all the vintage cars and hot rods of Montreal show up and everyone is free to walk around and check everything out along with the colorful personalities. (speaking for myself I prefer that over the Grand Prix scene on Crescent Street any day).It's a fun place to go for fast eats in the summer in Montreal.
God's blessing to Montrealers! The oldest Drive-In in Quebec & they still have Car Shows!I have been coming since I can remember as a child.Soooo Good, Sooo Unique and Soooo worthwile any which way you gotta travel to get there.Point Finale!!!!!
This place is amazingly ridiculous. It's a big, fat, giant orange. That's what it is and that's where you drive up and place your order. Your food is produced in a trippy, big, fat, giant orange. It's ah-mazing. The initial hilarity wore off pretty fast, but then I realized that my food would come out of a big-fat, juicy orange and it was clear that -even if the food subpar (I mean, its not like I expected gourmet poutine, but still) it wouldn't matter... much. I ordered a small orange juice and poutine ($9) and I was slightly (read above) disappointed that it was sweetened. Sugar in fresh juice is disgusting. The poutine was great, squeaky curds, gravy and all with soft fries. If you're doing the fun, tourist thing I recommend a trip to Orange Julep.
Fantastic orange julep and poutine (given the type of place). I liked the large orange structure and quirkiness of the whole thing. It was a little windy and cold as fall is well underway but we found the outside seating to be fine. Major downside is that the julep and poutine seems a bit overpriced. Expect to pay $5-8 for a medium/large julep drink.
Iconic. My wife swears by their grilled cheese. Food is good. The Julep is definitely the star. I would have given a 5th one if the Julep was more reasonably priced, especially given that I often don't make it as far as my car with any of it left. I'm definitely a fan.
I have no idea how people can rate this place as four star! the Orange juice they offer is made from cheap powder...the Poutine is terrible and you always have to wait a long time in a crowded and noisy place beside the highway!
Came to Montreal to visit an old friend, and he told us we had to try the famous Orange Julep at the giant orange ball.  Well we did, and although it was a great drink, it was pretty much an Orange Julius from back home.  Creamsicle flavored drink.  Thats all we had here, just ate lunch somewhere else and came to sample the famous drink. Maybe worth a shot if thats your type of pleasure, but nothing I would send a post card to my mom about.
Love their orange juice! and their fries and poutine, in my opinion, are one of the best in town! Their fries are not crunchy (keep that in mind) but incredibly sweet and flavourful! Thick poutine gravy, plus the amazing fries and cheese = heaven! Nothing fancy, but very very TASTY!!!
While visiting Montreal, I tried at least 4 different poutine places and this was my favourite.  This place is all about the comfort food and outdoor seating.  It reminded me of being at the carnival.  It was fun to take pictures in front of the big orange too.
A legendary place! The Orange Julep is a must-have if you're in Montreal!
The Julep is delicious and the giant orange is a Montreal icon, but apart from that, it is really just over-priced hot dogs and fries. A nice stop for a tourist, I guess. I would stop by to pick up a jug of orange juice but I pass on the rest.
FYI: I apologize for my mini hiatus from Yelp. A fellow Yelper recently asked to follow up on where was the best poutine in Canada indeed was and I shall proudly bestow an answer!But first I shall warn you that none of my pretty words will truly do justice to how delicious this particular poutine really is! As an aspiring journalist/Yelp Elite Member, I will try my hardest! So it is located at this BIG ORANGE SPHERE looking thing, for lack of better words... (I told you my pretty words cannot deliver justice!) See picture instead please...!It is without a question the best poutine I have ever consumed in my 24 years of living. As a native Canadian, I take pride of what I say is the best poutine because I believe it's one of our signature dishes. No other country really serves it, right? I should also note that ever since living in the states, I yearn for it every time I travel back home to Quebec. It's like a long lost friend and you get excited every time you see 'em again! It's simply and arguably the greatest. TRY IT and if you disagree, please feel free to comment on my Yelp and enlighten me where you THINK the best poutine is at. But I doubt it; I just foresee a lot of Yelpers thanking me for introducing them to the best poutine ever on Earth is. Aside from the scrumptious poutine (there are a variety to choose from; I usually just order the "Original"), they also serve the best ORANGE JUICE ever. Fuck Tropicana, Minute Maid, Simply Orange. (Profanity is needed/crucial because this is some serious OJ). Again, I suggest you try it and come back and enlighten me (AKA thank me) on what you think :) This whole review sounds like a threat. Us Canadians just want you to taste authenticity is all! Enjoy yourself, fellow Yelpers! Thank me later. (sound familiar?...Drizzy much?)
A Montreal classic that is worth a visit at least once. Orange Julep is definitely the star, but hotdog with poutine wasn't bad.
The hot dogs are straight up disgusting. They over price everything ($17.00 for 2 Michigans and a poutine not including tip) the service is mediocre at best. The food left me feeling disgusted and ripped off. **WARNING THIS PLACE IS NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE AND THATS NOT JUST MY OPINION...GO THERE AND YOU'LL SEE IT'S A FACT**
There are veggie pogos!
It's hard to miss the bulbous orange ball beside walmart on decarie, which is none other than the Orange Julep.This restaurant is known for their orange juleps, which are really like a melted dreamsicle in a styrofoam container.  However they are also a notable greasy spoon as well, additionally serving all dressed hamburgers, hotdogs, poutine, etc.  The prices aren't too bad either, you can get two people out the door, each with a burger, fries and julep combo for a total of $20 or less.Parking is in a private lot, and while indoor seating is limited, there are picnic tables outside.  If no seating options are available, conveniently all orders are given take out style.~Enjoy!
Man this place is a landmark kind of hard to miss a big orange round building in Montreal.  Gotta have the orange julep all I would buy i never tried to the food since that drink would be all I get everytime I go up and forgot about the rest.  It's an addicting little drink....... I tried to replicate it and failed miserably I guess its one of those that cant be duplicated.  But anyone visiting for the first time should go and try it.
Ok, so this is a Montreal greasy-spoon institution. Now, I've never been here for any of the food, but the place is famous for it's orange drink. I can definitely vouch for the uniqueness of it and it's a must try, especially in Montreal!Beware, it's quite sweet!
Great place, the orange juice is tasty!!!
I feel so nostalgic when I drive by this place ... This place is definitely tucked into one of my earliest memories of Montreal - my birth city!Well, I had some orange julep gibeau tonight and it was definitely yummy.  It is a sweet, very frothy, slightly creamy orange juice ... a little lighter tasting than the regular orange julius.  This place is special and I hope it stays around forever ... I want my little guy to have memories of this place too :)
The Orange Julep is a huge tourist attraction because of it's hard to miss, 3 stories high, orange structure.I was looking forward to trying it out and hoping that their famous Orange drink would be as amazing as all the tourist books claimed. Sadly, it was a huge let down. The food was extra greasy, even for a fast food place. The 'special' orange drink tasted exactly like a melted dreamsicle, nothing extraordinary or particularly good about it. It's a good place to visit once, but don't get your hopes up.
This is the giant orange in the middle of a busy street.  Never tried any food here, but have had their delicious and unique orange julep many times.  Very refreshing, very unique, very yummy!  Imagine a thick orange juice that is somehow extra sweet and almost creamy in texture.  I have yet to taste anything like it.  Still not sure what their secret ingredient is.  A little pricey for just a bit of juice, but you pay a premium for a unique product.  If you haven't met your vitamin C quota for the day, grab a drink here.
Since I moved to Montreal, I had been meaning to try Orange Julep and see what people were talking about. I finally did and I can see why people love it soo much! First off the poutine was delicious. Secondly the orange julep was the best thing I've ever drank. Although it seems to be a little pricey, it's addictive and tasty in so many ways. I can't quite describe it completely, but the closest I can is a creamsicle with a little more orange juice in it. I will be back for some more!
There is a difference between the orange juice and the orange frappe (creamier). I like the juice myself, but that is personal preference. Key thing to note! I'm not sure what their special ingredient is, but damn it's delicious. I'd buy this by the litres if I could. Ah, I'll miss this in Montreal.
You can't miss this Montreal institution. This Huge orange ball on Decarie serves Hot-Dogs and this interesting creamy orange juice. I work steps away from this place and its great in the summer.
Unique orange juice experience, a mandatory stop when in Montreal. Rest of menu is typical fried fare, very flavorful, but dont let you doctor catch you there twice in a week. A strict drive-in, a few picnic benches on the side for summer time, open all night.
Lots of locals here and recommending this place highly.,  food is not so great, and the famous orange dreamsicle drink is the same thing as orange julias back in the states.  Over all, big whoop de doo.
I LOVE this place. There's a reason it's stood the test of time, and it's because it's the perfect combination of a novelty monument (massive orange sphere) and a delicious independent fast food restaurant. I make it a point to go here whenever I'm in Montreal. The julep is like Orange Julius but better. And the Poutine is some of the best in the city. Yes the food is greasy... That's the appeal! 5 stars.
Damn. Where have you been my whole life!? This question on repeat in my head as I enjoyed a slice of delicious (everything homemade) pizza + salad. They seem to have thought through every detail. Starting with the stunning setting, which creates a very warm and relaxing space. I loved the design accents from the raw walls to the custom built stools. But more importantly, everything comes together to highlight the food display at the front counter. Brilliantly designed. Speaking of the food, everything I tried was delicious. We shared the spicy pizza and the gravlax pizza, along with a salad. So simple, yet so delicious. And the price was very affordable. Then, for "la piece de résistance", the desserts.......so many choices, they literally have a table filled with fresh baked goods. The worse part of my experience was probably trying to decide what to have! I tried the brownie (total win) and the lemon square (super yummy) with a coffee, of course. The service was impeccable. The lady at the counter was extremely helpful and very pleasant. Brought the experience up a notch. As if it couldn't get any better, they then also had to play all my favourite music.  Wow, so impressed with this place, can't wait to go back for some fresh pasta.
What a great place. Why did we take so long to try out a place so close to home. Everything is made on site and it tastes perfect. We only started with the pizza, salad and dessert but will be back to try their home made pasta and sandwiches. The food was great my spicy pizza was delicious (but not very spicy). The Salmon pizza was very nice and both came with fresh off the branch basil...what a perfect touch. The desserts were amazing, but too big and rich to finish. We had the brownie and lemon square - both so very tasty. The dessert setup was also a simple detail that made the experience amazing. It seems like they really thought through all the details, from the bar, counter display dessert table and stools. All making for a perfect stop on Saint Viateur.
We were walking along St Viateur bemoaning the changes to the street in recent years when we all noticed this pretty but chill spot looking like it might be full of goodies. And in fact it was. Oh it was. Super friendly owner working the counter and excitedly talking about the delicious food being made in the back. My friends ordered a giant lemon square and a gorgeous brownie and I had a perfect little pot of vanilla bean panna cotta with lovely cool liquidy homemade caramel on top. There were homemade gnocci available in a 12 piece portion for $4 for you to cook up at home that looked fat and glorious, yummy pizzas with fresh homemade dough, and a weekend brunch menu that sounded super tantalizing. Cute comfortable seating, nice warm wood, really a nice addition to this changing street.
It's such a quaint little cafe! (OK, it's quite big in fact) Beautiful decor, lovely stuff, delicious pastry, and they've got pizza, salads, sandwich etc. too, I hope I live in the neighbourhood so I'd be able to come here often!
I have eaten there three times already and the food has been incredible on each occasion.It's very cheap considering the quality and it's a nice place to eat when you're in a hurry.My favourite so far is the pizza with a big salmon strip on it. Amazing caviar covering the fish as well.I'm so glad I live near this place. They also have home made pop, and pastries which looked delicious. Oh and the green salad was great. Really unique pistachio dressing.
A new neighbourhood gem! There's something so charming, sincere and open about this place-- and then the food is mouth-wateringly delicious. Inspired pizza, salads, sandwiches and sodas-- the chef has a real sense for new combinations with attention to detail and quality ingredients. And all at super-affordable prices! Plus, OPEN MONDAYS!!!
AMAZING!  Had the smoked salmon pizza and beet salad, Calamari and chocolate tarte...cannot even decide what was my favorite.  So good I was moved to write my first Yelp review.
I've been wanting to try dark dining for a VERY long time so my expectations were running high.  We don't have a regular dark dining place in Calgary and when I hear about the special events they are sold out or don't work for my life.  I went with 3 vegetarian surprise courses because that's just how I roll.  Hubs did the 3 courses of whatever you got.  I learned that the chef used to work in a vegetarian restaurant which is an extra bonus because sometimes good vegetarian food is harder to execute than animal protein. Not to set off any of the carnivores... hubs was equally enamored with his meat.Everything was quite good.  I was surpassed how accurate I was about the ingredients - may of which I don't use often and some of which I down right don't eat but really don't dislike (it's childhood trauma?).  I don't want to discuss what those are so I don't ruin anyone else's surprise but I think my momma would be surprised a certain vegetable was cleaned off my plate (I was tricked a first and then I decided I liked it enough to keep eating ). The chef was really playing with temperatures, textures, tastes and everything else to help enhance the experience of missing sight.   My husband was comically wrong... he got his protein as wrong as I think one could even manage as I don't think those particular animals taste anything alike.   I like competition and I totally won at surprise meals while blind.  Woot!  I enjoyed picking surprises because I might not have normally chosen them... I didn't like everything but it was really really fun to guess what I was tasting.ONoir was a bit different than another large chain I'm aware of because we got our own table so it really was a romantic dinner for two and not sitting around at a large table with other strangers we can't see.  It was a bit louder at times but really it was a slower Monday night and there were only a couple of others in the room.    Our server was great,  Rodrigo, and it was an honor to spend a couple hours with him.  He shared that he had lost his sight vs having adapted without it and I felt like I could much better understand his experience meeting him in his world.  At moments there was a lot of anxiety about how I'd butter my bread or find my cocktail... trivial things to my every day life and even to the other challenges blind people do through on a regular basis and it made me think.  It gave me a deeper respect and understanding for blind people and also the confidence that I could deal with a major life change like blindness if it were to happen to me too.   I think it would have cheapened the experience to have servers in night vision as  It was nice that he was there helping us orient to our tables, chairs, food and place settings. Real tricks used in everyday life for someone without sight and I'm pleasantly surprised how well I adapted. ( bonus tip:  I had to put everything back where it came from and memorize the place setting ... hubs was very random and never got the hang of the table and was always losing things or knocking a fork off the table he didn't realize was there) It takes a bit of extra server involvement to dine in the dark so it also helped that Rodrigo was just an all round great dude as he was a big part of our dinner.Not an inexpensive meal (I think we came in at about $100 for the pair), but it stands the chance of staying with me a lot longer than most good meals if that makes any sense.  Also,  I'd consider it along the lines of dinner and a show almost...  because there is definitely the experience aspect to work into the value of the night.Overall it's pretty awesome and I'd try it again when I'm back in Montreal or try another one of the styles of dark dining that are around in other cities no problem.  If you are at all inclined to give it shot I would highly recommend trying it.  I know there was another lady in the room that was almost losing it in the begining  (I've quite proud she found the courage to stay whomever that lady was..)  so I guess this isn't for everyone.  I definitely won't plan it as a surprise  without knowing it would be well received to say the least.
Like most people have mentioned : an unique experienceThe restaurant is in fact completely and utterly dark! It is a great way to experience sensations. Unfortunately the food let me down, my main dish - the haddock was salty and I could not taste anything else and the aubergines were undercooked and hard to eat. The dessert was delicious. But I do think that it was my particular dish because I did try other dishes and they were delicious! Therefore I will def. try again - maybe correct the 3 stars!
The experience is as everyone else has said - you're eating in pitch black. A blind waiter leads you into the room and to your seat (double doors to keep out the light) by asking you to hold onto his shoulders. He asks you to put your drink close to the wall, which we supposed, was a method of minimizing spills. Only the two maison drinks (Mai Mai and Raspberry Dream) are part of the groupon. Anything else, you pay extra.Food-wise: The appetizer I ordered was amazing (Pork croquettes and pan-fried scallop - yeup, just one scallop). The entrees (Lobster Pasta) was alright - but I wouldn't go beyond that. I was initially afraid that the lobster meat amount would be small, but what ended up being the cause of disappointment was the pasta itself. The pasta was over-done, too soft, and semi-mushy. Were it not for the big lobster chunks, there would be no saving this dish.Any disappointment with the food, however, is never the focus of your attention because you're so concentrated on not dropping the fork and knife that's in your hand. I had my palms 1cm in front of my eyes and I seriously could not see anything.I went in with a groupon and still felt that the meal was pricey. Granted, there was a "+4" beside the Lobster Pasta option, but it would've been nice had the hostess confirmed that $4 would be added to the total surcharge for ordering the Lobster Pasta over the other entrees. Sometimes it's not clear whether the menu used for groupon users is different from the restaurant's regular menu? After the surcharges and tips, the two of us paid an additional $20 on top of the $55 groupon.Conclusion: You go for the experience, not necessarily for the food. But seriously, great experience.
It was our first time to try a dark dining restaurant. We had an amazing experience. All of the staff are friendly, and want you to enjoy to the fullest. There are lockers with a key that you can store your stuff in for free. We got a very nice waiter. His name is Rodrigo, if you go, I would recommend you ask for him.  After he got to know us a bit, he made some funny comments about eating in complete darkness.  The food is delicious. I asked for a surprise entree and main. You really have to feel , smell, and taste your food alot :) In the end we must have looked like cavemen eating, but who cares, no one can see! We would go again for sure!  Be aware that one of their dishes is tartar (raw beef).
Food excellent, service awesome, atmosphere and place great! I came here for the day before my birthday and it was great. I didn't know what to expect, so didn't have any kind of expectations. I ordered all the surprises menus. I was not at all disappointed with my option of eating something that I didn't have previous knowledge of what it was. The food turned out to be amazing, savory, fresh, and gourmet. The wine pairing was awesome too. Our waiter was very kind and was always alert in case we need something. The experience of eating in the dark it is very interesting and an adventure and experience. It makes you more aware of how someone blind feels,and to be more empathic. In general, I highly recommend this place for the experience and the food. I had the 3 course menu and don't regret at all.
This was literally the best meal of my life!!!My boyfriend and I wanted to go to a different French restaurant nearby, but it was full. We walked by this place and walked in here for an casual dinner. After the waiter told us that this is the dark restaurant, we were skeptical at first but decided to give it a try. We picked the pork croquette and salmon gravlax for starter, fish of the Day and shrimps for main courses and surprise dessert. The complete darkness made our dinner absolutely amazing! Our taste bud was 100% more sensitive and exploring what's on your plate was such a special feeling. (We were using our hands to eat since no one can see us, which was something you can never do anywhere else, it was soooo fun!)This was the perfect place for a romantic dinner also! Magical would be the word to describe this experience. There were no disturbing background music, which I really love. You can really talk to each other and relax without worrying about other people looking at you. This was such a good dinner and I would recommend it to any couple! This would NOT be a good place to have dinner with your friends, but perfect for couples!
Say it with me now.....PITCH BLACK!This place feeds on your excitement and imagination not to mention your pallet.I went to their new location with my GF filled with excitement. As we got there they explained (in short detail) what was going to happen, and before you go in you order what you will want. My GF took choices off the traditional menu where I went with the 3 course SURPRISE menu and I must say I enjoyed it sooooooooo much. You are greeted by the waiter , who by the way IS BLIND! That's right , but thank God that his senses are better than ours or else I'd be SOL bumping into tables in pitch black. It truly is a one of a kind experience. You sitting in the dark hearing laughter throughout the small dining room , not even able to see a glimmer of light anywhere and somehow still eating diner.Keep in mind you can't even see your plate so you never know "did I eat all of it?" That's where your hands come into play. Our waiter was fun, asking me as every dish was completed to guess what I was eating. (Nailed all 3).I recommend getting a but tipsy here as it does amplify the experience. The food is a but expensive (total bill 119$ Canadian , we did order alot of drinks) but is that really alot for a unforgettable dinner for 2? I will be recommending this place to any couple or group of friends who want a fun and memorable dining experience.
Let me just say this:We went here on our first night in Montreal and had NO IDEA we'd be eating in the dark. We were SO SO SO CONFUSED. Whatever, we had the reservation so we went with it.Got some surprise foods.The waiters do a very good job of guiding you through the meal.However, I started to get anxious once the entree portion was over and was very restless to get out of there. The food is good but I was so focused on not getting it all over myself that I couldn't really enjoy it. If you're looking for a food experience.. this is definitely the place to get it.I never realized how important it was to SEE what I was eating until this place!
I came wondering if the hype about eating in the dark was real when I see a restaurant get 5 star reviews I'm often disappointed . This was one of the few times I was not , came here with a group of friends to try this pith black eating and it was great . I took the surprise starter and the surprise  main not knowing at all what I was eating made it that more interesting both great meals (I won't tell you what it was).  . Only complaint I have is my main course I felt was to small but that might be because i have a big appetite. Try O Noir at least one time in your life you won't regret it .
Walked in on a Saturday night after flying in for business. Was not able to get seats in the Dark seating but was able to order in the bar. All of the food was Aweosme! I had the Croqutee app. Lobster pasta and cheese cake for my 3 courses. Can't wait to come back and do the surprise menu in the dark room
This restaurant is a must if you visit Montreal. Dining in complete darkness was something I was hesitate about but I must say, I really enjoyed it. The food was amazing as well as the service. You can order off the menu or have a surprise appetizer and main course. You can let them know food preferences and allergies before dining. What are you waiting for??? Go... Go now!!!
Such a cool experience from start to finish. We showed up an hour before our reservations for a pre-dinner drink and loved the dim-lit bar out front -- it's cute, cozy and plays great music. I'd probably go back just for another drink in the charming bar area. But the actual blind dinner was the highlight. The staff is wonderful and makes you feel so comfortable throughout the experience. Our waiter guided us to our table where we spent a few minutes feeling around to get a better idea of our set up and surroundings. We ordered the surprise menu and loved discovering our dishes and trying to pin down exactly what we were eating. Solid beer selection as well. At first, the conversation at our table focused on how interesting the completely new sensation was, but we soon got comfortable enough to almost forget the fact that we couldn't see a thing. Fascinating to hear everyone in our small group's reaction to the whole thing once we were led back out to finish our drinks and pay the bill at the bar. Each of us had a slightly different perspective, but we all agreed that we loved it and would go back for more.
Adorable waitress will tell you the *whatzwhat* to eat that day...no one rushes you out and great deli-corner breakfast all day..which is a real bargain. I am all about the keilbasa omlette...yum.
I absolutely loved this place! We were the only one in the place and I was dying to eat. Here I was in a deli that served breakfast during the week until 10pm, how incredible is that?! The prices were really affordable (there was a vegetarian burger that was 4$ but it was a huge portion!) and the server was really nice!
I had the call for greasy, comfort food like French fries. I got the lean smoked meat sandwich with pickles, French fries and coleslaw. The smoked meat was delicious. Honestly besides the fact that the fries could have been a bit more cooked I have nothing bad to say. The service was a bit slow or distracted I'd say. But nothing to not go back.
As you can see in my photos, I have returned, this time the latka poutine and verenekas were ready and waiting!They didn't disappoint, let me tell you!As a vegetarian (not to be all preachy) it can be difficult to find good poutine options, since most places use a beef or chicken stock for their gravy.  It can be hit or miss, and you never really know what to expect.  Luckily, Deli Sokolow uses a vegetable gravy, so I had nothing to worry about.  Bonus points, it was delicious, which can be difficult to achieve with a vegetable base.I was a little let down by the verenekas, but I'm glad I had the opportunity to try them.I can't wait to go back to load up on some more latkas!
A good place to go to for smoked meat sandwhiches and soft serve ice cream without a massive line.I really didn't know what to expect when I bookmarked this place...but I am satisfied that I went.Came here on a Thursday at 5:30 and we were the only customers...which is fine, since we didn't have to wait...and it started to slowly fill up by 6pm...and noticed there were a lot of pick-ups/take-outs throughout the time I was there.  Seems to be more of local traffic coming in/regulars.At first, I did NOT have a good start with this place, as soon as we walked in, there was a middle aged woman that was sitting at a large table (which was the first thing we saw since the table faced the entrance), and she startled me. Just looking at us, no smile, no greeting, not knowing if she worked there or what, and luckily a nice staff/waiter (Sinder) greeted us with a warm smile and sat us.  Just this person's presence was very uncomfortable - it felt real negative! Like a ghost! (Could be because she was very still in front of the grandfather clock). Anyway, there were other incidents too, but, we shrugged it off because once the food arrived, our attitudes changed and all was forgotten.Smoked meat (medium) is juicy and tender, the fries are just like any other casse-croutes type deal (which means good!), ordered the creamy coleslaw and it was good homemade tasting, the vege burger is actually tasty! (I would recommend it), had fun eating the latke poutine - think it was more for the "oh cool, I'm eating a latke poutine" factor than really for the quality and taste.  After eating 3 bites of it.. you realize that it's actually really salty!  Maybe I'm biased because of my in-law's latkes, but, the bed of potatoes that the cheese and gravy that it was served on was...dark.I would still recommend this place - there's quite a few other things you can order I.e. matzo ball soup, cake, chicken salads... I had a mini chocolate & vanilla soft serve ice cream and it was delish!  Faintly sweet and looks like real vanilla bean particles in the vanilla ice cream.  We ended the meal with a cherry cola Cott and Frogger!
Love this new spot on a corner of Notre Dame in St Henri! Sokolow pays proper respect to the history on this corner and the owners are so happy to talk with you about it. The family of the owners of the casse croute that was in this spot for decades before are still working here. The counter is from Montreal Pool Room, there are tables from Ben's, and the photo blown up on the wall is from Sokolow, the town in Poland where the owner's Grandmother is from.  Anyway, all this aside, there's latke poutine! The gravy is spicy and homemade and good, the cheese curds are squeaky, the latkes are crispy and hearty and taste like memories. I'd love to come back for regular poutine and also for pierogis and more ice cream and also to play all the classic video games!
There is just something about a Jewish-style deli that I really enjoy. Given my lack of Jewish ancestry, it is not simply a function of what I grew up with because I didn't. There is simply something about the homeyness, the familiarity, the old school nature of a deli that I love... well that and the smoked meat of course. Leaving my place on Prince Arthur meant no longer being walking or short bike distance from Schwartz's and the Mile End. Not cool when I need my fix. However, when I heard about a new deli opening in St-Henri, only a short distance away from my new place, I was immediately intrigued and felt the need to give them a try.Deli Soholow is a deli and ice cream shop offering day around options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Located right on the corner of Notre Dame Ouest and Sainte-Marguerite, the shop definitely is going for a old Deli feel with its use of old school chairs, glass counters, laminate tabletops as well as a metal bar and stools by the window. The decor could use a bit extra pop to it colorwise but otherwise it is a old deli through and through.For my first visit, I went with a mixture of classic and twisted fare. First was a side of coleslaw - traditional with a vinegar base. And of course, I needed to have a root beer at a deli. Exactly what I wanted. Nothing more and nothing less.The interesting item though was the latke poutine. Yeah that's right.... a latke poutine. When I heard about this, I knew I needed to try it. I love latkes - once I tried some proper homemade ones years ago, I was hooked - and I most certainly love poutine. I was very curious to see how this would stack up. The portion was generous enough and had a nice thick homestyle gravy and the proper cheese curds. However, the use of large thinner latkes as a base made it that they got stuck together since they were very hot. First time I have ever needed to use a knife when eating a poutine. Right flavours but perhaps not served in the ideal fashion.For my second visit, I went a bit of more classic. I decided to start with some perogies - potato and cheese stuffed - served with some sour cream. Good flavour as one would expect. Thankfully, they also had a golden crunch all the way around. There is nothing worse than a soft soggy perogy.The Reuben sandwich was my main attraction this time and hit all the right notes - the melted cheese, the acidic sauerkraut and deliciously rich and fatty smoked meat. Personally I would prefer the smoked meat to be medium cut versus lean but that would be a bit of a nitpick in this instance. A solid solid sandwich and frankly one of the better Reuben's I've had.And of course, you can't forget about the ice cream. Being able to get classic hard serve cookie dough ice cream in a cone was a nice trip to memory lane for me and a nice way to finish off a meal.Deli Soholow is a solid deli option and in a area lacking one, a very worthwhile option. The mixture of new and old items is good and you feel the classic Deli vibe. I would recommend however they get other payments options though - cash only so be prepared for that at the moment. My first visit was delayed by that... not cool walking by our lunch option realizing it's a no go. Otherwise, a solid joint and thankfully close enough to satisfy my deli fix.Cheers!
This place is all Montreal! I simply love it here! If you want a good inexpensive meal. A personal experience ! Come on down to Deli Sokolow! On Notre Dame and saint marguerite. Five Min from Metro St Henri.
Such a hidden gem! Loved the breakfast but also came back for a burger and it was amazing as well. Kind staff - can't wait to try the milkshakes this summer :)
so this was our fifth poutine committee meet of the year and it was a good one. recently opened, this deli (jewish) offers jewish fares as well as ice cream.we were here for the latke poutine. for those who don't know what is a latke, its a potato pancake made with shredded potato. in a way, one could say hash brown.decor is old school deli and its all kind of awesome when you learn the history of said furniture. like did you know that leonard cohen sat at this table at that very spot? or what about the counter that came from the old forum?about that poutine, it was a serving of 3 (or 4) latke with poutine gravy and cheese curds. the gravy was the stand out as it had a peppery taste to it. the first few bites were the same kind of feeling you get while eating soup on a cold day. it warmed my inside real good. but then, it started to sink in. the dish don't look like much but its one very filling poutine. i didn't finish it as i needed space for the ice cream. when you branded yourself as an ice cream parlor, one has to try the ice cream. the only thing i would have like was thinner crispier latke instead of the bigger ones. nonetheless, quite enjoyed that poutine.the soft serve was quite luscious. it had a wet look to it kind of like a wet tshirt. if we were having a wet tshirt contest, it would have won. was it the best? no but it did hit the spot.they have other ukrainian/polish offering like bortsch and pierogis as well as an arcade machine in the back.price wise, its inexpensive and compare to the surrounding neighborhood, its inexpensive. its only cash though.
No idea why people seem to like this place. I don't believe they offer good value. I don't think the food is very good. Salty does not begin to describe the latke poutine, which others seem to rave about. And the service, although efficient, is anything but friendly or interested. Also, nice touch, offering us coffee as we sat down, not mentioning they were charging for it. Maybe I'm wrong and the others are right. But regardless, I won't ever be back.
Great smoked meat, generous portions, and good value! My potato latkes were black, the potatoes had oxidized, not too good. The borscht was yummy. I hope this business sticks around as a good deli with great value. If they work on the latkes I'll up my rating to five stars!
A lovely place to spend a few hours drinking coffee, eating some food, and reading, working or catching up with a friend. I loved the atmosphere and decor; I also liked that the tables weren't jam-packed together. The coffee was great, and the sandwich I got (chicken) was good, too (nothing special about it, but good price for the size).
One of the best filter coffee I had, strong but not bitter! Wish this place was on my way to work so I could have their coffee every morning. Sometimes I wake up craving their filter coffee. Makes you feel fresh and energized with the first sip. This coffee shop is really good for studying/working, super quiet and organized. I was impressed at how clean the place was, not a single muffin crumb or loose hair in their fabric sofa; kudos to the staff who maintain such tidiness. Please keep it up, it's one of my favourite reasons for coming to Café Martin. They also have a good variety of baked goods and I found the price of their coffee and assorted goodies really affordable and I truly appreciate that. Cappucino and Latté are around $3.25 and I had almond chocolatine which was $2.50ish (these are not exact prices). But mind you, be prepared to get a sugar rush from their viennoseries. Most cafes nowadays tend to be overpriced and it's hard to find a down to earth place like this one, a solid recommendation for a refreshing experience.Only recommendation to owners: I'd prefer if you use a curated playlist instead of radio music
Quiet, enjoyable place to sit down and sip on your coffee. This cafe is spacious and there's not too much people, which is perfect. The decor is lovely with brick walls and high ceilings with a vintage feel. The atmosphere is calm and just welcoming with the big windows and the confortable seats. The drinks were warm and good, making it feel even more cozy.The only thing that bothered me a bit is that it didn't necessarily feel your neighbourhood cafe where the baristas talk to people and know people's names. There was a bit of a barrier, but they were absolutely polite so it's fine.
Friendly barista who allowed up to stay passed closing hour. The cappuccino was good, lots of foam, just like the way I like mine. However, dessert was ok, not perfect. But it is a nice place to hang out with friends and spend a afternoon.
Very cute shop with a cozy atmosphere. I adored the interior design and decor. I went with a friend there and I found it to be a very nice place to just chill and chat or perhaps enjoy a coffee with some work to do alone. After reading the reviews I did have higher expectations of the shop but the food was a little disappointing - about average if I had to say though. Had a mango honey smoothie, which ended up tasting just like honey and no mango, and an apple fritter, which I would have liked more if it were toasted. So to me the food wasn't all that great, but I did hear the coffee is quite good.
I really wanted to like this place and I thought I would after reading the great reviews that have been posted thus far. However, the latte left a terribly bitter aftertaste and the croissant was too bready for my liking and lacked the crispy-flaky crust that good croissants have...That being said, I do like the physical space and the ambiance - it's vintage and understated and the music is a perfect soundtrack for a relaxing cup of coffee. I would consider giving this place a second look if I happened to be in the area again... but I don't think I'd make a special trip.2 1/2 stars (1 star for the coffee and food and 4 stars for everything else).
For some reason, I'm really excited about this place. Not that the food is anything amazing. It's good but conventional. I think it's because they created a really nice space. The metal works on the ceiling, the old piano, the cute little toilet, the openness, the light, the wood floors, the beautiful plates, the large window.... (See the pictures I posted. ) There is a lot to like here! It was pretty quiet around 4:30pm on a Tuesday; I would totally go there to work for an hour or two. Moreover, it is surprising to find a spot like that on a relatively ugly area of St. Laurent blvd. Reminds me of Bouillon Bilk in that respect. Nice staff and last but not least, good prices!
Affordable prices, beautiful place and really nice owner. I really recommend this place. It's got a great vibe. Accidentally stumbled onto this place during pouring rain. So worth it!!
The quietest café I've ever been to in Montreal! It's quite new so it's probably still undiscovered by most people, but I'll definitely come back here before people start finding out about this place!I ordered a vanilla latté with a raspberry muffin. The latté is bit sweeter than the other ones I've tried around town but it's quite satisfying for my sweet tooth. Great service from the girl who served me but I wish she would've amped up her game on the latté art! The decor inside is right up my alley. Very homey and a piano at the front. Not sure if we're allowed to play it but it adds an artistic touch to the atmosphere. They have couch seating on the side but I wish the tables  there were bigger and movable. Other than that, a great discovery!
Finally found my perfect independent coffee shop!We came today for the first time on a saturday morning.To make it short: everything that was ever annoying to you in some other coffee shop is finally done properly here!Prices low, great ambiance, perfect host, good staff, great location, excellent coffee and patisseries.You want to chill on a saturday morning come here. You will enjoy perfect atmosphere, nice wifi, good snacks and a hostess who really cares about her customers. Check out the pictures I append here.
Excellent calm interior with a piano at the front and lots of window space. Prices are very reasonable. Outlets are on the wall everywhere and lots of small chairs and good music. Menu has lots of different lattes and coffees. Service is excellent. Free wifi and a good quiet place to study.
Happened to walk by and dropped in a few minutes before closing hours. We ordered iced americanos and found them to be watered down. Most iced americanos I had in Montreal were served in little glasses with the espresso shot, water and ice. But our drinks were served in a bigger plastic cup, so that's why it tasted watered down. But maybe the other drinks are better? I liked the interior and that it was a quiet and spacious cafe.
Awesome in house beer , great atmosphere combined with the best Mexican food ( made by the lovely and talented Bonita)in Canada
Great spot to drop in, grab a beer and have a bite. I had the burger, fries and a calarmari plate which I shared. Their calarmari (surprisingly) was really good. The burger had some sort of pesto/cream cheese dressing on it which was also really good. The beer is what you go for, though. Great selection of either in-house, domestic or imported beers. Added bonus is the great live music!
It's great to have a decent brew pub downtown. The Nut Brown Ale was indeed "nutty" as described. Low carbonation, sweet, and low on the bitterness. I really enjoyed it. I also took a sip of my friend's Cherry Wheat (a seasonal brew) and it had a pretty awesome authentic cherry flavour and aroma - great refreshing fruity beer.Usually my expectations for pub nachos is low so I was pleasantly surprised by the chorizo nachos. It came with a good amount of melted cheese, salsa, and what looked at first like ground meat. The toppings resembled more they stuff you put on a Michigan dog than salsa, so it wasn't dry, over-baked, or too salty. In fact it was creamy and quite tasty. Portion is appropriate for one person and for the price paid. The samosas are a bit overrated in my opinion - good sauce but the pieces themselves don't really step up much above wholesale school bake-sale samosas if you know what I'm talking about.Great place. Convenient, terrasse, decent beer and at least one decent munchie.
I'm giving them 3 stars for the little seating in the back which is key since the place does get super packed. Used to go there with one of my old friends wasn't my fav he loved it tho so only reason I went. There's better places but I guess if u go on a quiet night you're set lol
Gord and I like brew pubs and craft beer so we checked out Brutopia;They make their beer onsite.I ordered a Raspberry Blonde and liked it.Gord had a pale ale and a dark pale ale and he thought they were okay.JazzLee was our server.  She was friendly and took good care of us.
This is a nice pub to visit. Located in downtown core. So, it could be a great addition to your pub crawl. The beer is decent and they have live music every night. They have five regular beers..of them my favourites are Nutty Brown Ale and Raspberry blonde. They have some seasonals too. I would go there more for the music than for their beer.
This is a pretty easy going bar, like a few other yelpers have mentioned, but it gets loud and roudy on the weekend nights. We didn't stay to long - only came here for a drink after a concert, so I don't know how the service or vibe is. But I definitely had to yell to my partner to get a word in, so we decided this wasn't the place for us. But worth a try if you're in the area and that's your type of bar!
Was in town for a conference but arrived a day ahead of everyone else so I had a solo dining experience. Searched for brewpubs near the hotel on yelp and this place came up - and I am glad it did! I walked in, sat at the bar and was promptly served. Generally I am scornful of Canadian beers ad they can be too mellow - Canadian IPAs drink like American Pale Ales, everything is a category off, flavor-wise.  Not at this place! Full flavored and delicious stouts and IIPAs - well worth the walk. I had some sort of taco (recommended by the bar tender) and it was a great choice. If you like beer, need a bite to eat and are in the area this is absolutely a place to check out.
Cool microbrewpub, they did a great job on the couple beers I tried. The place is dark and the service is somewhat slow. Trivia started, so we bolted, but I woul dhave stayed longer.
Brutopia is rocking a dive bar aesthetic, and is excelling at it. I've visited Brutopia a number of times and on every visit the selection of draft has been noticeably ahead of the curve in terms of Quebec beer culture. Hop and beer varieties trending internationally seem to pop up on the radar of Brutopia a year or two before other brasseries catch on. Brutopia's staff have also been excellent on every visit. A surprise group of 14? No problem Brutopia's staff taxes it in stride. I will be back!
Have to admit that I come here once every two years for everything Marillion as Brutopia is the fans HQ for meeting up and reconfirming old friendships. After 8 years it feels like home, a well worn pair of comfortable shoes or that sloppy joe sweatshirt. This experience shapes my view but behind the people and great music are the bones of a solid pub. Brutopia isn't large but the L-shape makes it feel like a number of distinct areas. Upstairs is more of a get away area, more isolated from the music and a great place for those deep talks that beer brings with it. Downstairs is the stage - usually occupied nightly- with a good sound system that reaches all corners. There's a tiny floor for performance so the tables are right up against the singers of front of house musicians. Upstairs has split ledges and railings to watch the bands and there's full service so you don't need to leave your seat. Don't expect vies of the band though. The house brewed beers cover a good range of styles and are characterized by bolder flavors. I prefer the honey blonde over the raspberry or chocolate stout that many locals seem to love. There's an oxymoronic dark pale ale and seasonals.  Take advantage of the $5 happy hour specials. Food options cover all corners of the world and are served quickly and piping hot. Food is well prepared and the servers don't mix up food between tables. Staff are friendly and efficient, they run you a tab and keep a good eye out so your glass isn't empty for long. Good for their bottom line but also nice to not have to keep catching someone's attention.
Yup.  They have beer.  Go here or don't it's not special, better than the 3 brewers.  A bit too popular at this point.
It's really a local dive but there is so much to love about this bar. First off, the staff is adorable and personable. Second, the drinks are cheap as f without being completely disgusting and belligerent. There is always live music or some kind of event going and it's always full of pretty decent people. The conversation with the regulars is not creepy or uncalled for, they're all really funny and sweet and make for an all around good experience. The food is good and the restaurants take groups, which is sweet. Nothing to complain about when it comes to bru.
Nice place, usually quiet. The beer is decent, the prices are reasonable, however they don't have a very big selection.They don't really speak french there. Not a problem for me, but just a heads up for the franco clientele
What a great easy going bar in downtown Montreal. Brutopia brews their own  beer and has quite a variety of different beers. My favorite were the cherry wheat and honey ale. They also have IPAs and porters along with about 12 different rotating taps.The place is also a lot bigger than it seems with an outside area in the back, shuffle board upstairs along with a hidden dining area and a basement bar. They had live music when we went on a Saturday and you can watch the band from an upstairs viewing area as well. Very reasonably priced, a beer was about $5 -$6 Canadian dollars and shots were $4. This place has a mix of a dive bar and pub feel and our bartender was awesome. She was very friendly and joking around with the bachelor giving him a hard time. Overall if I lived in Montreal, this would be my regular go to spot.
Very nice place to have a good local beer. The price is cheap compared to the quality of the beer. I ordered one blonde, one IPA and one with honey and all of them were pretty good. I indicate the salsiccia as appetizer. At night the bar usually has shows, we watched one country music with a talented girl.
Nice bartender, decent beer selection, very divey space that could probably use a little bit of a spruce up.Seems like this place might have more character than most of the other bars on the block, but that could be more of a statement on the area than this specific bar. Drinks here are cheap, which is a big plus, and it seems like it could be pretty fun with the right crowd. I noticed a shuffleboard table up by the restrooms which is always a plus, but no one was playing when I was there.
This place is awesome! One of my favorites! They do not have cocktails or liquor. Beer only, but they have an amazing selection! Everything that you can wish for and even some obscure beers you can only get at a BevMo.They don't have food there except for snacks. On most nights there is someone right outside the door that is making something. Worth noting, the security guards have always been friendly!
I've been here a nice handful of times, just for drinks. I'm a big fan of their home brewed beers, I always get their honey or raspberry blonde. Their ales are smooth, rich in flavor and distinctively aromatic. The raspberry has a sweet scent without being overpowering, making it my favorite.Happy hour is everyday before 8 pm, a pint will cost you just under 5$.I've never tried the food here but if you're hungry there's your typical bar menu, appetizers like wings and nachos, sandwiches and quesadillas.Consisting of 3 bars over 3 floors, Brutopia is a great place to get together as groups since seating is plentiful. The lower floor is my favorite with a mix of tables and big comfy couches.It's an unpretentious pub, where the decor is drab but those who come here aren't interested in ambiance - enjoy what they do best, cheers to beer.Working wifi would be a plus.
Brutopia is a really great place for s beer and for live music.  Went here on a whim because a)close to our hotel and b) its a brewpub and I love brew pubs and I am glad we did.  We came later in the evening, arriving around 11 for a drink or two and discovered that a band was playing.  The place was not really busy at that point so we managed to find a place upstairs.   The upstairs bar setup is really great for concerts because they have a balcony right overlooking the music.  There are also ledges you can lean on and watch the band, the acoustics are also quote good.  For beer, their but brown ale and their IPA are both good while my girlfriend has a raspberry wheat ale she liked.   Our waitress was also excellent, very friendly and enthusiastic, really good service at a busy bar, unfortunately I forgot her name but she was excellent.  Overall a top notch place to have a pint and listen to some music.
Great place downtown for craft beer. Menu is decent, and the staff is always friendly. Unfortunately, it's on crescent across from a hotel that never fails to have obnoxious tourists yelling from the balcony, so that takes away from the outdoor seating somewhat.
I like this bar. It has some live music and interesting selection of beers like raspberry blonde beer or winter beer or honey beer. This bar is one of those bars for the experimental adventurous types. This bar seems popular.
Love this place!  Great atmosphere and beer!  Food is very good (if not fairly basic) but fresh ingredients (and really that's what it's all about)
Brutopia is probably my favorite of the local pubs I found during my time in Montreal.  Dark but warm and inviting, it definitely has a local feel to it.  They brew their own beer, and they do a great job of it.  Specifically, I loved the IPA the most but also enjoyed the Nut Brown Ale, as well as another whose name I can't remember (I must have really liked it).After a few drinks, I decided to check out the menu and a sandwich called the Pepito made its way out to me.  Grilled steak on a baguette (two of my favorite things) topped with a bean spread and salsa.  Sure, I had had a few drinks, but the sandwich tasted fantastic.  There's no doubt in my mind that they'll see me again on my next visit to Montreal.
Thank you to the people who organized my work hotel, which happened to be one block from Brutopia.  I liked the vibe and the beer here, so I made a few visits when we were out of work early enough to make last call.The first time we enjoyed some open mike night, and the second time there was a singer/songwriter performing.  No cover either time.Good crowd of people that were reasonably friendly.  And super friendly bar staff.
One of the places to be on a weekend night! Located on Rue Crescent, it is one of the best places to get the night started. The live performances are always great and it's obvious that the performers are giving it 110% The house beers are all exceptional, especially the extra blonde, Overall, the environment is phenomenal and the staff is quite friendly! If you are looking for a good live music bar to go with your friends I would definitely check this out first.
One of the best pub's I've ever been to. Great atmosphere and a lot of interesting beer that needs to be tried! +great live music
Great little pub with decent food and awesome crafts beers. Our bartender was hilarious, definitely made the experience memorable. Great jumping off point before heading out for the night.
Great space, prompt service, good fare, and live music. Great for gathering friends. Reasonable prices.
Excellent bar. I'm giving it a 5 stars mostly because of how my experience with the service was. I'd accidentally knocked down my drink shortly after receiving it and the server (very nice girl, forgot her name but she was awesome) got me another right away. I only found out when she brought the bills that she hadn't charged me for the second drink (definitely thought they would). That was a really pleasant surprise. Tipped her very well for it. She was very friendly and helpful. I'd definitely go again.
After arriving to Montreal late on a Friday night we wanted to scope out the bar scene near our hotel. Our concierge directed us to Rue Crescent where we would find many bars for a Friday night out. One of the first bars we walked by was Brutopia. It was cold out and it sounded interesting so we went in. Upon walking in we noticed some very drunk groups of people who we were slightly nervous would spill their drinks on us if we stood near them. So we headed upstairs to the second floor where there weren't many people. The bartenders were friendly and provided good service. The band playing was really awesome which created a really fun atmosphere. It was a fun place to stop in for a good beer and live music.
Great potential but there is something about it that has always been "off" for me. Great venue for acoustic shows but the service has continued to be hit or miss.Food:  n/aService:  7/10Price:  8/10Atmosphere: 9/10
This place has good beer and most times the live music is great. Love the atmosphere, it's one of our favorite pubs downtown. The only thing is that the bar doesnt accept debit cards so you have to have cash on hand or use the atm outside which is very costly. Other than that no complaints. Very laid back and an awesome place to chill and have good beer.
Spent 10 days in town, visited many beer bars,by far and away my favourite.Great beer created and served by people who care.A very friendly place,became our local for our vacation .
went once last summer with some yelpers. i think it was after some poutine meet nearby.i had a chocolate beer or the honey beer, don't remember it much. anyway, that's basically how my experience was. beer didn't leave me much of an impression. price is cheap, terrace is lacking. on the other hand, service was good.i'm not much of a fan of downtown bars and this just adds to it
I just love beers here in Québec, I tried a lot and I am always willing to try more.That's why I came here, with lots of expectation ... And.... Well... Meh...I tried two and I really wasn't impressed. I guess I can give it another go and trie some other beers from here, but I was also a bit disappointed by the lack of choice, not so many beers available on tap, compared to some other breweries.
Mel, our server, was great. Kept coming over to check up on us, made sure we knew of the good places around. The beer was tasty, shots were cheap, overall everyone was quite nice. Unfortunately, we have to give it one star due to our terrible experience with the bouncer. He said we had 5 minutes to leave at the end of the night, and, instead of waiting for us to finish our beers and giving us those 5 minutes, he proceeded to TAKE THEM OUT OF OUR HANDS and toss them. Apparently he has a different perception of 5 minutes than we do. That's an insanely rude way to treat your customers. In short, overall, a nice place, but don't go spending your money here close to closing time. What a ridiculously terrible experience at an otherwise enjoyable establishment. Pity.
very good brew pub. all of the in house beers have a similar after taste which isn't a bad thing, I just thought it was worth mentioning. they probably just use the same yeast for the majority of their beers. friendly staff for the most part. the bouncer was a little bit douchy to us and tried to make us pay for our cover charge again. the ink ran out on the stamper they were using so they marked our wrists with a B with a sharpie. instead of asking the guy at the front if this was true he initially tried to tell us we had to leave until the bartender informed him that we were telling the truth. other than that it was a pleasant experience. there was a good folk duo playing music, good beer, and a friendly atmosphere. the patrons were all very nice as well. average age in the bar id say was about 25-35. unfortunately we got there after the kitchen had closed so I cant make any comment on the food.
Not a bad bar, and at least going here didn't give off the douchey vibe I felt from the other bars that were nearby. Not a bad selection of beers, either. If you must hit a bar in the immediate area, this one isn't a bad bet. Though I had bar experiences in other parts of Montreal that were better(i.e. Dieu du Ciel).Didn't try any food here, so I have no clue how that aspect is like.
Had a few beers here before a Habs game. Beers good, food whatever. Had a burger that was a big, thick, gray patty. I think there was cream cheese on my burger. Probably not the best thing to get there.
Potential but the selection, in my opinion, was very poor.When I went with a couple of friends a year ago, they told me they didn't even have pitchers and I had to order pints. PINTS?!? I'm 6'2 210lbs, Eastern European, Future engineer AND single. I have 4 things "going on for me" that make me a heavyweight drinking buddy. A pint is like water to me! How can a place that has a homemade brewed beer NOT have pitchers?Didn't stay long since my group decided to hit MadHatter but the atmosphere seemed INSANE. I saw someone pour beer from his mug from the top of the staircase into the mouth of a girl standing near the bar while everyone was cheering on! Holy Weinershnitzel!Food: Didn't have any, so I can't judge.Service: 6/10, the bar downstairs only had a rookie that had a hard time with the beer tap.Price: 8/10 typical downtown prices really.Atmosphere: SOLID 10/10. Insane! Also nice decor and if you don't want the crazyness that I witnessed on the first floor, you can always go in the basement which seems to be often vacant. NOW, I'm not sure if such events happen often but the staff didn't seem to mind which, in my opinion means they were accustomed to it.
Cool,downtown Mtl bar with good location and reputation. I went there for house beers and found them all green tasting, possibly rushed to meet demand in summer. I have not been back but I'd like to go.
The tacos and quesadillas are what you would think real mexican food should taste like. The beer is selection is both varied and drinkable. The prices are reasonable. Definitely, better than your average pub.
What a great place for New Year's lunch.  It appeared that nearly everything else in Montreal was closed. So to find this dive bar open and inviting was a wonderful treat.  The service and music was great.  The chocolate stout seasonal was appropriate for the cold snowy day.  The food and IPA disappointed, but was easily overcome by the convivial atmosphere and the REAL PINTS!   Why, oh why, cant we find more places with real pints.  Vive Brutopia for your real pints and good music.  This is a fun place!
Brutopia is good for beer, but stop there.  Love that they brew their own stuff.  IPA had a good amount of hops and bite.  Reasonably priced at $5 during happy hour. Stay away from food.  First sign should have been that the food menu is labeled as an "international menu" and has everything from samosas to edamame.  what bar in montreal has food but doesn't have poutine?!  we ordered the chorizo nachos which was a terrible idea.  soggy nachos without flavor and ground chorizo instead of nice chunks on top.  ugh.overall, my mistake on the food.  avoid the food.  stick to the beer.  you'll be pleased.
Sat at the bar both times I came here, and have to say it was the favourite place I went to while in the city (which is why I came back again before heading home to Toronto). I was on the hunt for craft beer since the previous 2 dinners were at Molson product serving bars. Started with a Raspberry Blonde beer which has just the right fruity hints without being a full on fruity beer. Then moved on to the IPA which is a fantasticly smooth but hoppy concoction that gets full marks.Then the food came out. The wings were pretty good, but I had a pulled pork sandwich with avocado and aioli on it which makes me wonder why I've never had this flavour combination before. So good, that when I returned I had them custom make an order of nachos with pulled pork and avocado on them (with less impressive results, but thats what you get when you order custom things not on the menu, and kudos to them willing to adapt on my request).Friendly people in the place not afraid to make small talk, with a majoritively good mix of music in the background (tons of sing along type 90's rock tunes, a sprinkling of hip hop, and the occasional classic from across the genre boards), nice bartenders, and good food. They even have one of those shuffleboard tables upstairs by the bathrooms. I havent seen one of those things in eons. Whats not to love about this place? 5 STARS!
Brewtopia is cool when you want a rowdy Crescent Street night on the town. They brew a lot of their own beer here; the IPA is pretty good. The heated terrace is nice and they have live music regularly. There are a lot of suburban West-Islanders and Eastern Townships folk that frequent this pub. I suppose that's okay. I on the other hand have practically never left the island and rarely go father west than N.D.G. but to each his own. Crescent Street is alright but I'm more of a Saint-Laurent type.
On October 11, was my first time going out. I turned 18 2 days prior to that day. Like every 18 year Olds I went out to clubbing first to see what it is about and was pretty disappointed. The first club was people around the age of 30,35 dressed as young 18 years old. The second was young people my age sniffing coke and having sex in the bathroom. The third was a small club , where I found out was a pickup bar, where old young weird guy flirt with you. finally I had enough and went with some of my friends on the other side and went to this pub. I couldn't believe it. It was awesome. good blues music, great beer and also great people. at the end of the night, my feelings of that night changed because of that pub and I recommend it to many people.
Feh.  Yes - I mean 'Feh' not 'Meh' - I'm being dismissive.To be clear, this joint is perfectly alright as a run-of-the-mill bar.  It's busy and happening with a live band.  And no complainants about the service.  I won't hesitate to recommend it for a casual bar gathering at all.However, if you enjoy good beer, their house beers are all pretty crap.  If this makes me a 'beer snob' like the other reviews say, then call me a beer sommelier.  Come on - seriously, I ran through their entire selection and they were all barely passable for microbrew.  All the beers had a funky finish - I detect slight negligence on tap cleaning.If you're not sure, let me tell you: go to Dieu Du Ciel.  I know it's out of the way but it's worth the trip.  Mention DDC to any barkeeper in town and their eyes light up.  But if your plan is to get wasted on Crescent - yup, perfectly fine bar.
Very busy place, you need to elbow your way around to get a table and get the attention of a waiter. Having said that, their beers are good, if you like watery soft beers and the food was okay. Go for Happy hour, cheaper is better!
While in Montreal for a friend's bachelor party, we decided to stop into Brutopia as I had heard good things.We walked in at around 11:30 pm on a Saturday night in August and it was nearly deserted. I was glad we easily found a table but I was hoping for a bigger crowd. I ordered a Honey beer which was decent enough. I do regret not trying the IPA though as one of my buddies said it was great. We did not order food so I cannot comment on that unfortunately. Our server was friendly and even supplied our groom-to-be with a free Irish Car Bomb which was very nice. She did stop and chat with us for a bit too. Unfortunately, her shift was ending as we showed up. The live band left something to be desired. They weren't terrible, but definitely not memorable either.  We stayed for just one round of drinks then we decided to hit another bar with hopes of finding a bigger crowd. I'm not sure if we caught them on an "off night" or what but Brutopia did not live up to all the hype I had heard.
Such great beer.  After listening to my fellow Americans and many Europeans scoff at the best Canada has to offer on tap, this place was such a welcome change.They had unique seasonal beers with creative names, things like Maple Cream and a Chocolate Stout with some winter theme-y title.  I got the Honey Brown Ale, and it was wonderful.  My boyfriend's IPA was strong and bitter like an IPA should be.  I wish I had tried more, although given my size that would have certainly ended badly for all involved.They don't have poutine on the menu, but they do have regular fries, as well as guacamole and nachos, both with house-made chips, that can satisfy that salty craving.  The menu items are usually around 10$CA.We had a little trouble finding a table big enough for our party (and I do mean party), and the one we got was really close to the live band playing... very, very loudly.  Well! But loudly.  You had to shout to carry on a conversation with the one person sitting next to you, and too bad if anyone else wanted to be included.  They'd best learn to read lips, stat.Easily the best beers we had in Montreal, in terms of both selection and taste.  And the place has a pun for a name!  What more could you hops for?
Went there to watch World Cup final. Sat at bar and tried a few different lighter beers and it was fine -- some good, some not as good. Personal tastes matter here. By the sixth or seventh pint it didn't matter. And Germany won. Just had a quesadilla so pretty safe. Other people's food looked fine with good portions. So can't truly rate. The best thing was the people and staff. Competent bar tending. Friendly and not a typical snob fest as in other brew bars. Worth checking out.
Get into town, get checked in and then come here for a beer.  That's what I did and I don't regret it.  This is a great little joint with lots of good beer and a great dark atmosphere.  Not sure how it would go in the winter but it was a perfect place to get out of the heat of the day and enjoy a pint.  There are some tables outside and two floors of little tables to sit and and chat with friends.  Really liked their chocolate stout.  I know, not really a summer beer, but I can't resist a good dark stout.  Came here a couple of times and would make it a regular if I lived in the area.  I have to say though, the stairs in the winter must be hell to use after you've had a few pints.  Even tricky in the summer after a couple.
Let me start this out by saying I am not a beer drinker.  For some reason  my body doesn't like it.  Knowing that it is a great place for non beer drinkers to get to know  beer and for beer lovers to experience some awesome beer. Feeling super girly I went with the cherry beer, but their hoppy stuff is really great and really hoppy , if you are into that kind of thing. What I love, is amazing staff that know their ish. I love that you can try a beer before getting a pint and the bartenders  which are super awesome are actually really  helpful  at helping you choose. Now that of course should be a given  for any place that makes their own brew  but that's not always the case. The food does not disapoint. Most  people probably just go there for beer, but check out the food once in a while. Apparently the kitchen staff is mostly Mexican, and it shows as they do Mexican right. Properly layed nacho plater with incredients deep in the centre not just sprinkled on top. Awesome guacamole  that  doesn't have a gross drippy  texture.
We made our way to the second floor bar by dodging and avoiding the very young, still in high school or college crowd.  The bar was too small for this size crowd, or this aged couple, but the bartenders were skilled at remembering who approached the bar first and filled the order as fast as possible.  We had the strawberry blonde beer, $7, and loved it.  We made our way back downstairs and found a chair for some awesome people watching. The teenage/college aged people were a mix between grunge and hipster, and the hair styles/clothing styles were fun to observe.  There were a few people in our age bracket (30's) so it was an interesting mix.  They had decent live acoustic music, but we wanted to experience more of the city, so off we went to continue our night. This seemed to be a great place for a group to go and chill out, as long as you found a table or didn't mind standing.
Absolutley appalling seasonal beer and very good fish and chips
Brutopia's microbrewed beers are all delicious, and the food they serve is actually pretty mouthwatering too. Their calamari and their burger (with a variety of ground meats) are both amazing choices.The problem with Brutopia, however, is that unless you go during the day, the atmosphere is absolutely terrible.Loud and touristy, always with a shitty bar-band playing the most generic covers they can think of so obscenely loud that there's no point of trying to talk."Why not enjoy the music then?" they say. Well that would be a good point, if the music was able to be enjoyed at all.Great food, great beer, decently priced, but sure as hell not somewhere I'd ever touch with a 10 foot pole on a Friday night.
One would not know about this place since it's not directly located on Cresent Street, but I highly recommend going here!
We were told that this place was awesome, and it did not disappoint.  Got a seat a the first level bar and sampled their nut brown ale.  It was very good.  The beer wasn't too heavy or fragrant.  I ended up having many.The food was good as well.  Had the Bruburger which was a beef/pork/ham mix.  It was very tasty.  The bar itself was fun.  There were people all over, we even met some people who lived near us.  The bartender was great and we had a fantastic time.
One of Montreal's best brewpubs! Love their beer selection, great staff and, overall,  a great place to hangout, especially since there are plenty of little nooks and 3 separate floors. It is also a great place to go on crescent if you're looking to go out for a beer downtown without all the tourists - or at least less so. FYI, it's a really popular hangout for local engineers.
First, I am only reviewing the beer here. Second as this is subjective, I'm going to attempt to be as objective as possible. Finally, the California in me influences this, but I am not reviewing it versus that.Brutopia certainly has a varied selection of beers. As for the styles, there's nothing out of the norm for you're east coast fare. This isn't a bad thing for Brutopia. The execution on the offers they do make are great. The IPA is a stand out, and one of my favourites in Montreal. I should clarify, it is an IPA, it is NOT a west coast IPA as many Americans have come to view the style.  The Nut Brown Ale, is to style, flawless in execution. Brutopia produces very clean, very palatable beers. The staff is friendly, the crowd is good, albeit on the younger side.  A solid choice for a night out with friends, I do prefer visiting on non-weekend days due to it being a bit quieter. But that doesn't remove this from being a top choice in Montreal breweries.
Brutopia is in kind of a silly district of Montreal. The streets are filled with wasted people, but don't let that detract you. The space itself is pretty big, bigger than it seems on the outside, with a darts area, two levels (one bar per floor), and an awesome overhang to watch the concert stage. The band we caught that night was awesome.The beer is solid. I stuck the the IPA. I had the cochinita sandwich, which I really liked. It was a bit on the greasy side but all of the flavored melded really well, and the pork was top-notch. My girlfriend had the cubano, which for some reason is not really an authentic cubano sandwich (it comes with avocado and lettuce, on baguette??). She said she enjoyed it.Would re-visit.
When I first heard the name "Brutopia", it was hard not to imagine a heaven blanketed with beer head clouds, cherubs descending with pitchers overflowing with liquid gold. To my disappointment, the stairway I ascended didn't lead to a heaven. However, the dusty wooden planks clued me in that this was a different sort of pleasure - this was a full-on dive bar.Brutopia was like all dive bars should be - dark, over-heated and smelling of dust and good times passed. We found the one table with as few wet glass rings as we could and were greeted by a server. She was a sweetheart and introduced us to the bar's chalkboard, listing the place's homemade brews in yellow and blue chalk. Though the names weren't very descriptive, our server made sure to describe what each brew was like. There was something for everyone at our table.I ended up going with the white ale. Now I'm always a little nervous when it comes to small brews, but this beer was absolutely wonderful. Didn't taste cheap or carelessly made. It wasn't long before everyone at my table was passing their beers to the right, having a sip of each one. There wasn't a single crappy sip. This place is great for a low-key night out with friends. They have bands play on weekend nights and the place gets packed for that. Don't bring a first date here if you've decided to iron out your fancy pants.And they give you itemized, separate checks. This place was made for groups of 3 or more.
This quickly became my favorite bar! Very friendly with a nicely mixed crowd. This is for people who care more about good beer, great service and wonderful live music. It's not a posh "who's who" kinda' place. Each of the bands mingled between sets (one band a night ... we were there a lot). Mixed drinks were generous! All the other bars are using those silly contraptions - these guys pour them the old school way! Also has 3 different seating areas and plenty of space for different sized groups. We mostly stuck around the main bar and stage though. There is a recessed area upstairs that has box-style seating right above the band - it's pretty cool! The band often looks up and interacts so you won't be forgotten.
I went there by pure luck, for some unknown reason this bar didn't inspire me for years. However, I was pleasentely surprised !! The beer brewed at Brutopia is definitively worth it. I got a chocolate stout but the real surprise is the food I got the samosas they were good. A friend ordered the chicken quesadillas and it felt like a "dream night snack", it was soooo goood. When we went there was a live show so that's definitively a big plus for the place. I will go again!
20/04/14 went to Brutopia for a quick bite and beer around 5pm, sat at my table for 15 minutes without getting any service, finally left for another pub. The beer here is great, service kinda sucks!
Very chilled place for a pint (they have great cider on tap). Casual place to meet up with friends.
Good people trying to make something that matters in the Montreal community. Jeff and his team both at Bru and at Jane are scrappy and pouring a lot of love and hard work into what they do. Like Hurley's, Brutopia is a haven on lower Crescent but Bru is generally a little younger and more rawkus. There are lots of small corners to tuck into, and sitting near the shiny brassy beer-making apparatus always makes me feel cozy. The food and beer might not be always superfoodie accolade winning, but for those of us just looking for good heart and a tasty good time somewhere away from tight pants and hairspray that dominates much of this strip, especially during F1, Brutopia is gold. The layout is pretty great for live music and quiz nights and open mics too; intimate but with a lofty upstairs perch that feels almost old timey.
Hardly utopian for this beer fan. Nice ambiance, on hip lower rue Crescent, and a nice mix in the crowd.Ordered the IPA on the recommendation of the very good bartender. What a disappointment -- virtually flavorless. Not what I'd expect of an IPA at all. Probably should have tried something else, but I just moved on.Oh, and like other independent brewpubs in Montreal - cash only. Boo for the business traveler.
This is the only place on Cresent Street I would even dare go into.  Cresent is like the Jersey Shore - full of annoying tourists that are badly dressed and too drunk to deal with.  But Brutopia seems to attract a different set of people.Its a huge place with tons of nooks and crannies to hang out with friends.  Their beer is pretty good too.  They had various varieties to appease all tastes.  The staff was nice and helpful and the prices were fine.There was live music upstairs and downstairs too.  It's a pretty hip little joint, that isn't very little at all.
I came here with a group of friends in search of a bar with good beer to relax in and watch the World Cup.  We tried a bunch of their beers - my favorite (which was my favorite microbrew I tried during our 3 days in Montreal) was their honey brown ale.  It had this great honey flavor without being to sweet. Other than an order of French fries we didn't try the food, but I would definitely go back for a few more beers.
Brutopia has an interesting layout- that is, the way the tables are set out. it appears to be an older building so that might relate to the layout. There are 3 floors so there's a lot of space, however it was still difficult to find a table at first as it was busy.There's a selection of house beers, some of which are seasonal. I opted for a raspberry house beer, which was just ok.Service was really slow, it took a while for any service. Maybe it was just a really busy night, but this place is just ok, nothing exceptional.
Some claim Hurley's Irish pub to the THE SPOT on bishop in Montreal, perhaps, but Brutopia is a very strong contender.  Don't let the name fool you, yes it doesn't sound like a very Irish put kinda name, but they have the live bands, a large selection of home brews great food and 2 floors.  Definitely worth a visit the next time your due for a pint of the black stuff.
Nice brew pub on Rue Crescent. They have a nice selection of brews and our server was nice enough to give us a tasting of a few different beers to help us decide what we wanted. It's a chill spot and has a nice terrace or terrasse area (as they call it in Montreal). Try the Ginger Wheat beer!
Having spent many nights at Brutopia over 5+ years in Montreal you will find tasty food with tasty beer to water it down. I haven't been able to track down any comparable scotch ales on the US West Coast: microbrew central (though I have been pushing several breweries out here to give a scotch ale a shot). A real shame, but it only means I have to come back from San Francisco to visit Brutopia more often. Honey/nut beers for different palettes and the classic raspberry blonde for those who may not be committed beer drinkers. They put a twist on their scotch ale in the Winter at minimum.I've had their burger, the quesadilla (can be vegetarian friendly) and their fries. All quite tasty.You can find trivia & live music, patio (open even during some of the winter for smokers), 2nd bar upstairs when it gets crowded and a spacious downstairs with coat hangers and you guessed it, a 3rd bar! As I recall they have cheap beer days (happy hour prices all day - Monday?) and happy hour prices until maybe 7 or 8pm on other days? I'm sure someone else can verify that in another review unless they changed that along with their renovation ~1 year ago (they opened up the main bar and back room where they brew some of their beer. Great idea though they did replace the actual wooden bar with a new surface... meh as a young old timer).Go visit with friends, have a great time. Come back for more!
They have strawberry blonde beer, and chocolate stout.I don't know if I was feeling light headed from the alcohol, or from feeling dreamy-eyes over the hot servers.
Went there two nights Feb 20 and 21 2009 when visiting Montreal. First night it was me and one friend. I ordered a chocolate stout and it was great. Then I ordered a Guiness. The choc stout must have had a good amount of alcohol because I had felt a bit wrecked the next day. And I'm a lightweight.I liked that you could get name brand beer in addition to their house brewed ones. The atmosphere was good too save for the paintings of people with gas masks on the walls which were oddly interspersed with paintings of trains.The next night I went back with a bachelor party. I decided to pick up a round of shots we did when we go there. I figured I would get screwed but they had a special, 5 shots for $18.50 which is cheap as far as shots go. I really liked Brutopia. I would go there again next time I am in Montreal.
IMPRESSED! Cozy & fun atmosphere makes you feel right welcome and part of Montreal, not like a tourist.Their in house brews were good, plenty to choose from and I must say for what seemed to look like a simple bar food menu turned out to be very impressive on all accounts. From Fries, Burgers & Onion Rings to Quesadillas and tacos to Edemame and Samosas. Everything was tasty, fresh and quick!I'll be back!
OK Let's forget this place. Bad food, horrible service and just another shitty pub on Crescent.
Fresh microbrew is sweet. The brown ale was the best. Atmosphere is cool. Bartender was cute. Food was not so great  I could have made that chicken quesadilla at home in about 15 minutes. It was pretty cheap tho...$8.85
"They can make beer with that?" were the first words I said when walking into Brutopia, almost every time.From honey, raspberry to spices, their unique in-house beers are sure to please even the pickiest of beer aficionados. If you're lucky enough, you may even catch a live band while you're their.
Brutopia was a great find (thanks again yelpers!) for our first night exploring Montreal. Parking in the area was tough to find though not impossible on a Friday night, but once we were in Brutopia, we were glad we had stuck it out. I sampled the dark IPA and the house IPA and ended up sticking with the regular, while I literally gobbled down a cubano. I was starving and it was very satisfying. Bartenders were nice, waitresses were chatty and cute, and even a music snob like myself really loved the band that we caught. Ladies, beware of the bathroom. The giant door will hit you if anyone enters while you're washing your hands. But get over it. Worth it.
I just visited Montreal again - and I still dig this place. The beer & food is delicious.....I had the Bru Burger (made of beef, ham and pork) along with a few IPA's. Again, like last time, we walked around, but ended up back here at the end of the night. Service is super friendly!
Brutopia is a very, very cool place to drink.  Maybe that's because as we ascended the stairs, there was a group sitting on the patio singing and playing guitar.  The song: "Disarm" by The Smashing Pumpkins.My friends wanted to keep drinking (from a mini-pub crawl day) and smoke cigars, so we went to the back terrace.  There were a few patrons who quickly cleared the area when we came back and we dominated this place for well over an hour.Our waitress (I didn't catch her name, but she was very cute and looked like Meg White from The White Stripes) was very sweet and did not mind our noise or the mess we were making with the french fries.I hung out all the way in the back and munched on some very tasty samosas; I didn't care for the sweet sauce (and would have preferred a spicy green one), but they were very satisfying and helped me with my afternoon craving, since we had a light lunch and were snacking all day.There's a tremendous beer selection and the atmosphere could not be any more easy-going.  This place is next to, and above, other bars -- so be sure to check out Brutopia for a guaranteed good time.
We went here reasonably early in the evening after a long day at the botanical gardens. It was nice and quiet.  The staff was friendly. The patrons were friendly too! I think they were even playing "Lounge against the Machine" as a nice touch.I had the honey beer which was quite palatable, and my friend had a smoky porter which was slightly more to my taste that evening. Luckily, he is friendly, as well!I will definitely be back for the Maple Rousse seasonal in a little while.
Brutopia, how I love it: let me count the ways.First, it did away with pretention and instead embraced quality in food, drinks, service and music.Second, it serves the most impeccably brewed craft beers in town. Aside from its staple fare of IPA, raspberry, honey brown, nut brown and extra blonde Brutopia offers its patrons an array of 5 or 6 seasonal beers that are a pleasure to drink.Third, Brutopia's music choice shuns the commercial rubbish that pop charts have been feeding us for the past decade. When it isn't live music at the exactly right volume, it is a mellow mix of classic rock with some interspersed awesomeness from other genres. At last, welcome to a bar that isn't just for teenagers on a slosh mission or gossip addicts. Fourth, the ambience and decor are a world unto themselves. The darker hues (matched by the paintings) entice you into a dimension where chill is cool and in-your-face is so out, you wouldn't see it fleeing with a binocular. Brutopia makes me feel I don't need to impress anyone, and this seems to rub off on the patrons too. Fifth, Brutopia's patrons seem to have been sifted through a very fine sieve before being allowed through the door. Somehow, the crowd seems smarter and more mature than in your average Crescent watering hole. I may be mistaken, but you should see for yourself.What else can I say about the finest brewpub in Montreal? Come and check it out. They have plenty of space and the terrace is a really nice spot to have a relaxed drink. The servers are always fun to chat to, have a smile at the ready and a ton of recommendations for you if you can't make your mind up.If I didn't live quite far from it, I'd be in Brutopia every day.
It's an ok bar, certainly one of the best in the neighbourhood but it's nothing special.They brew their own beer, again, it's fine but not the best. If you're stuck downtown, this is a good bet but there's several other brew-pubs with better beer. The food is edible but over-priced and nothing special.Overall, you won't have a bad time at Brutopia but there are better options.
Husby and I came here Monday night.  We were trying to find this place amongst all the other bars on Rue Crescent.  It was raining and we were walking back and forth trying to find Brutopia's sign- it's kinda hard to spot but we eventually saw it.We walked up the stairs from the street and came inside.  They were pretty busy already, with one of the World Cup games getting an encore airing.  Also, it was Trivia Night and there seemed to be some regulars already setting up camp at the tables.  People were playing dominoes and just hanging out.  Tons of groups, mostly college-age kids and twenty- and thirty-somethings.Trivia Night was fun.  As you might've read, there are 2 rounds of 10 questions each.  The winners of each round get 4 beers.  (Un)fortunately, I'm not that geeky and didn't win.  :(The other draw was that there was some live jazz playing downstairs.  This was during the Jazz Festival in Montreal, so I don't know if this is a regular occurrence.The beers are good.  I had a honey ale and a blonde.  I liked the blonde better.  Wish I could speak more of it, but I'm not really a beer connoisseur.  We ordered the chorizo nachos- just say no!  I must be spoiled for being from California or something, but these were just weird.  :P  You can't even taste the chorizo, and instead of a normal red salsa or even just pico de gallo, there was some red sauce on it, like marinara.  Blech!  Stick to drinking the beer, and probably just order something fried, my friends.Other than that low note, I could really dig the atmosphere and could imagine myself coming here now and again for the other theme nights if I were a local.
Visiting for a week on business. Great local beer! Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. I recommend the Honey  Brown. They also had a local band playing. Offers seating inside and two balconies.
I love this bar.  Or more particularly, I love Monday Trivia nights at Brutopia.  My friends came almost every week in between September and May, just to participate in the weekly competition.  Trivia night consist of two rounds of ten questions posed by a caller at the front of the bar.  Participants form teams of 3-5 and do their very best to answer the questions.  At the end of each round, the team with the most correct answers is gifted with four free pints of Brutopia beer.  It's wonderful.  It's delightful. It's an opportunity to display your personal collection of random, useless facts which nobody else cares that your know.Brutopia also has a wide selection of house and seasonal beers.  My favorites include the ginger beer, chocolate stout, raspberry beer, and the honey brown.  In addition to beers, you can also get a "Bear Fight" for about $8 a go.  If you aren't familiar with a Bear Fight, I suggest you goggle it under "bear fight alcohol".  I was introduced to this drink by the waitress at Brutopia; if you ask nicely, she may do a round with you. Speaking of the staff, the late-night Monday crew is great.  They create a homey, relaxed atmosphere and are quick to bring drinks or food.  The fries are really good (and I'm not a big fry person), but you have to ask for mayo.  The chorizo nachos are great and the chicken sandwich has a faithful following among my friends.  Overall, it's a great place for a casual night out.
I feel like a lot of people give this place a hard time.  To that I say, give it a chance.I love Brutopia.  Their microbrews are delicious and there is one for everybody.  I know some beer snobs who say they'd much prefer the taste of the microbrews at so and so place and so forth, but really, as a perfect of example of the average beer drinker, I can tell you that there is a beer for EVERYBODY here.  I can inhale the yeast out of an extra blonde like you wouldn't believe; also there's also a microbrew at Brutopia called the extra blonde which is incredibly tasty.  Yes, that was a tasteless joke.  Know what isn't tasteless though?  Their awesome beer.I know most Anglophones reading this won't care, but I come here a lot with Francophones who cannot speak any English, and I'm always delighted to see that the staff force themselves to speak French (even though sometimes it is obvious that they have a hard time, they always put in the effort).  They are always civil, patient, and polite as hell.  I cannot say the same for many other bars on Crescent.The prices are about right for the microbrews.  Not too cheap, not too pricey.  They also host cute little shows a lot with a variety of different types of acts.  I went once and it was country, another time it was funk.  Anyway, it's a pretty sweet place, so next time you're in the neighbourhood and have an hour to kill and get that hankering for some happy juice, go check Brutopia out.
Stopped in because we heard the live music, music was good, prices are decent, would have been better if their beer was more enjoyable.
Went here for a bachelor party and had a decent time. Strange setup as there is a large downstairs area as well as two average sized outdoor spaces at this pub. Didn't try the food but others expressed that they liked it. It's directly across from a Quality/Comfort Inn with balconies so that can provide some entertainment if you're sitting out front.
Oh yeah had a great time here! I had a few different beers on tap and some were good. Don't remember which ones I tried so don't ask lol.  The band that was playing there Friday night 8-24-12 were awesome, they really rocked out.
2nd time in Montreal and i had to make a stop here.....try the Apricot beer and you'll love me for it.
Good beer, but I'll have to agree with a previous reviewer - extremely slow service!  And the burger I had was pretty blah.  This was the first place we ate at when we pulled into Montreal.  Big disappointment!
Don't be fooled -listen to those who recommend Dieu du Ciel. The beer is not very good and the atmosphere is sort of unclean, college bar.
Brutopia seems to be a pretty relaxed place to get a drink or two. My friends and I ambled in here on a Sunday night. I was surprised to find the place more or less full of people. Not really cramped, just people perched on every possible chair or surface. We snagged a standing-only spot at the bar and ordered a round of drinks. After awhile a table in the back room opened up and we moved back there. The waitress converted our bar tab and continued to serve us. She was really on the ball. Either we were drinking very slowly (doubt it) or she has a sixth sense for when drinks should be delivered. I like to think it is the latter. Usually, people in a back room are treated like a red-headed stepchild, but this was not the case. Very much appreciated Ms. Waitress!For a couple of hours worth of drinking for three people the tab was $90 USD. Not too bad. The only two real downfalls were: 1) There was an acoustic solo act playing that night and in between his songs, some loud music would blast through the speakers in the back room. So you would go from mellow to eardrum pounding decibel level without warning in the middle of conversation. A little bit annoying. 2) The backroom is not a bathroom. At least I don't think it is. Maybe Montrealers know something we don't, but at least five times an individual or individuals would come to the back room, stick their bottom in the doorway and rip a$$ in our general direction. It was gross. I would certainly come back but maybe with a nose plug.
I think of this place, and I think of myself fighting the urge to vomit on my 7 hour trip back to Boston the next day. A sure sign the drinks were cold and plentiful! 7 of us crashed here on Sunday night of Presidents Day weekend. We got the back room pretty much all to ourselves, and the waitress never forgot about us. Had she, maybe my headache would have been spared the next day. The drinks kept coming and she did a decent job at keeping it all straight as to who got what (the french normally do separate tabs for each person). The band was good, I think, but for the most part we were too busy talking about I-don't-know and taking photos. 4 Stars to this place for not kicking our obnoxious group out!
A less then stellar brew pub on a less then stellar street. If you want a good brew pub do yourself the favor of going to Dieu du Ciel (out of the way but well worth it).This place is over priced with watery beers, don't go. Oh and the live music is usually not very good.
I don't remember how we found this place, but I seem to recall hearing at one point that it was the place to go for beer. I guess that depends on what you're looking for, but for me, I disagree. The beer was good, the ambience was nice, but the drink menu was a little short for me. They have a fair number of house beers and a few others (some microbrews and some "imports"), and the waitstaff was pleasant if not all that fast. I would go back--the extra blonde was delicious--but I wouldn't make this my go-to place for new beer.  All in, a solid hang out, but I won't be a regular.
I've been here several times over the last few years on several different visits to Montreal. Each time I've thoroughly enjoyed my visit here. The place is extremely chill and laid back, with lots of nooks and crannies to sit in. The food is pretty good for bar food, and they even have several good vegetarian options. Beer is quite good, with several seasonals on offer in addition to the regular brews. The relaxed vibe and friendly staff ensure a great visit every time.
We grabbed some quick beers and food here on our first night in Montreal. Service was so-so, but the food and drink made up for the waiting. Chipotle chicken sandwich was fantastic - I could have eaten a whole 'nother one. Beer was decent - although I can't remember what it was as I was a bit foggy from the long drive. Atmosphere was okay - we sat outside and enjoyed the ambiance.
I'm not a big beer fan but the BF is so when visiting Montreal we found out about this place and since it was within walking distance we decided to give it a try. I'm not going to judge the beer because to me they all taste the same (a sin, I know) but my boyfriend enjoyed them. I had the pesto et fromage de chevre, the goat cheese was extra creamy and the pesto gave it a special tang, in all the sandwich was divine. My boyfriend had the cochinita sandwich and it lacked a little spice. Our waitress was awesome and the place has a really friendly enviroment. If I lived in Montreal I would definitely hang out here
Brutopia had 5 of their beers on tap when we went. We tried the brown, the honey, and the honey brown. All were fairly disappointing -- not very flavorful at all. Food is typical pub grub and is not expensive. We got nachos for $7. They were pretty tasty although the salsa was marinara and the only toppings were cheese and sour cream. The two bartenders were very nice and attentive. Vibe is mellow. Patrons appeared to be mix of locals and tourists.
Good microbrews here.I just wish that the food wasa little better.
I have to go mid stars on this one. This was definitely my kind of place, i just wish we would have made it here before the crowd began! If you get a spot early you are good. Highly recommended. If you go a little earlier than midnight, it is hard to get served. I would visit again when I go back to Montreal.
My favorite spot on all of Crescent street.  Any time I'm staying downtown Montreal this is usually the spot I end up at almost every night.  I enjoy their home-brewed selections (although not on the level of Dieu du Ciel or similar brewpubs), but most importantly the people and atmosphere.  It's a friendly environment I've never seen any kind of fist fights or "beefs" break out at which is all too common on Crescent as anyone can tell you.  Waitresses are friendly, cute, and all too willing to indulge with shots of hard alcohol with you.  I recommend their seasonal blackout stout, delicious.
I really like this place. The beer was really good, food was tasty and fresh. The only negative is that they gave me grief about bringing my 4 month old, who did not make a peep, in (the server was nice, but the manager apparently had an issue with it). I could definitely understand if it were busy, but it was 7:00 p.m. on a Monday and we were basically the only people in there. That said, I thought this place was great and would definitely recommend.
I've been going there at least once a month for a long time - it's the default place for me and my friends. Everyone gets a relatively inexpensive pint of whatever suits their tastebuds and it's nice and cozy (with a cute little terrace in the summer). As for their beers, the only one I can get really excited about is the Scotch Ale, I really wish it were permanent!  Both the (seasonal) stouts are worth a try as well. Other passable pints include the IPA, nice and bitter, or the Raspberry Blonde, inoffensive. Lastly, the food is excellent. It's a fine price for Crescent street, and they've got quality stuff. The Pepito sandwich is great, or a nice basket of steamed, salted edamame beans makes a satisfying snack. PS - Don't count on having normal-volume conversations in the basement past 10PM.
Bottom Line: inconsistent quality in the house brews, terrible food. Go to Dieu du Ciel or L'Amer a Boire if you want good beer in Montreal.A friend and I were in Montreal for the weekend and looking for some good local beers (as we always do). This street was close to our hotel and had alot of night spots on it, so first two night we went there, and on the second one ended up at this place.We had two good beers there, the rest ranged from less than impressive to horrible. The good ones were a non-house Hemp beer (that reminded me of a rauch bier but with hemp smell instead of wood smoke) and their house Honey Brown. We also had some sort of stout that was passable but not good, and a god-aweful Framboise that my friend said tasted like soap.We nearly gave up on the beer scene in Montreal until we met a very friendly bar tender at Pub L'ile Noire that set us on the right path.
So I came here a year ago totally forgot to write a review, its  a place to come with a group of friends, I'm from L.A and I was visiting family in Montreal. The crowd was very friendly , made alot of friends that I still talk to, the drinks are strong and good prices , the fries are amazing. The staff is tight.
Our last night in Montreal my hubby and I decided to try Brutopia over Dieu de Ciel. Turns out that was the wrong decision. The atmosphere here is very college  bar-y and the beers we had were plain bad. The IPA lacked any of the hoppiness that you would typically find in that style of beer. It was drinkable though. The extra blonde, on the other hand, was not. According to my husband, it tasted like corn chips. We only drank about half the pint before we decided life is way too short to drink crappy beer. Luckily our night wasn't a bust as we found ourselves on the terrace at Le Sainte-Elizabeth Pub with some good Canadian beer.
Was looking forward to a visit, but was disappointed in the beer.  It's definitely got a more intimate vibe than the bars further up on Crescent - but I was also hoping to be blown away by the beer they brew.  I wasn't.  Didn't try the food or see any one else being served so can't comment on that.
Good live music. Beers weren't really my style. Great ambiance. Seemed like a college bar. Lots of people in their early 20's.
Had a great time here while visiting for a long weekend.  The house beers were very good, though the IPA could use some tweaking.  Very friendly staff as well--probably some of the best we had in Montreal.  I'll *definitely* come back if I'm ever in town again.
What a great bar with really good finger foods.   We went on a Friday night  for beers and food.  I am not a huge beer fan but enjoy some of them  I had a Honey beer which was quite good and very large.  My Husband had a Brown beer, which he enjoyed.  We ordered some finger foods to go with the beer.  We ordered the Humus & Pita, Fries, and Beef Tacos.  The Humus was really good, lots of sesame flavor, which we love, and the serving was very large.  The Fries were ok, I would not order them again,  but them I'm not a huge fries fan.  My Husband, who is kind of a Fries snob, didn't like them very much.  The Tacos,  which I agreed to because my Husband likes them, were outstanding.  These aren't the hard shell greasy ground beef type, the three of them are on a soft shells and are actual beef strips marinated in some type of seasonings  with sauteed onions, and came with sour cream, salsa and guacamole which was served in a small side dish.  OMG, I could have eaten a dozen of them.  We ate and finished our beers and got some more beers.  This time, I got the Raspberry flavored beer and my Husband got the Dreadnought.  My first beer was better but this was drinkable.  The service was prompt and pleasant, and the bill was $45.00.  Totally worth a visit.
One of my top 10 favourite cafés in Montreal! espresso and latté are amazing given the fresh light-to-medium roast they use. The sandwiches are original and delicious! The brunch is also a must try!!! Recommend this place 100% Not a very cozy place but ambiance is completely worth it !!
Nice spot,  with good coffee.  It's not a cheap cup o'joe but it is good.  The space is small and narrow with a long table running through and the Batista counter is at the end.  It's not noisy and a conversation with a person across from you could be done easily.  I don't think it's good for groups,  since it would be hard to get a bunch of empty seats together,  but if you are 2-3 people you might get by, and it's definitely good if you're there on your own with your laptop or reading material. It's steps away from the metro,  and in my case close to home,  so definetly a spot worth returning to.
One of my favorite spots :) great chocolate chip cookie and chai latte :)
Rain, shine or snow, this place is a hidden treasure on Mont-Royal street. Whether you are on the go or are looking for a pit stop to satisfy your urge for an espresso shot, a flavorful macchiato, simple cortado or a rich latté I strongly recommend you to make it a point to drop in. All brews include a double shot of expresso and usually you'll have a good choice of beans between special roasts from Anchored Coffee (Darthmouth, NS), Cut Coffee (Toronto, ON) or Pig Iron (Mississauga, ON). The viennoiseries come from its headquarters at Café Nevé; worth mentioning are the freshly baked the ham and cheese scones which hit the spot for a quick breakfast or afternoon snack. Service from the baristas is impeccable, genuinely friendly and fast! It really shows when you love your craft and take something simple as roasted beans and transform it a delicious cup of joy!The only drawback is the lack of space, with around 12-16 seats, depending on the time of the day or day of the week, it could get crowded quick. My recommendation is either to order your favorite cup to go or sneak in on early Saturday/Sunday morning for some "me-time" to catch up on emails and news.When asked why people keep on coming back, the coffee barista tell me it's because of the experience and the ambiance. I guess he's right!
This hipster workstation-style café blends industrial chic with punk rock and tattoo culture. With a Ramones soundtrack and scroll script lettering on the chalkboards and counter signs, you're sure to feel at home here as an inked-sleeve wearing espresso connoisseur. Piercings? Yep. Thick-rimmed spectacles? Oh yes. Also, intimate convos left and right. Great place for an afternoon perk, break from work, slam it down and go kind of coffee moment.
Very good food and coffee with a cozy seating area. Sometimes suffers from hipster service and french language snobbery, but mostly awesome.
TWO WORDS:HOMEMADE CHAI.So good. I ordered mine as I usually do: dirty + soy milk.Came out so freakin' perfect.Flocon is the perfect place to take a rest while you're touring Rue Mont-Royal. The chai is a must.
a true hidden gem on the artery that is l'avenue mont-royal located right next to the cupcake shop near st-hubert street.as a kid growing up in montreal, heck, in quebec as a whole, this tiny café is a dream come true. the pop culture references to the early 90s just bring back that cozy warm feeling of years past. how awesome is it to go back in times and remember the days of the vhs and mixtapes while enjoying a coffee all the while, listening to some groovy beat they feel like playing on that day?the place may feel hipster-ish, it is very inviting with a diverse clientele.only 2 community tables make up the place therefore having a seat is hard but you can always sit at the window counter. there's 1 seat there and i've actually never saw anyone sit there or you can always sit at the bench park on your way in, no table though. otherwise, like most, its takeout.coffee is good, real good. flavorful, acidic, tart, bitter, you name it. want some soy or almond milk? you get that too albeit at $1 surcharge but its ok.like that BB song, give them a chance ;p
After three or four visits, Flocon has joined my top tier of coffee spots alongside Tunnel, Couteau, and Myriade I+II (Pikolo is still uncontested in first place). As other reviewers allude to, this is a third wave shop: the coffee is bright/astringent/sour/bitter (the choice of adjective seems to betray one's overall feelings on the third wave). If you like beards, tattoos, cardigans and skinny jeans, you will swoon for the pleasant and professional staff. A little bit of Mile End on the Plateau's main drag. The seating is limited to two large tables with ample extension cords for laptops. On a weekday, one rarely feels self-conscious about occupying a seat to do work - a lot of their business is carry-out and the place is rarely full (weekends are busier). But be considerate and don't cross that crucial 2-2.5 hour line without ordering more stuff...
What a lovely little cafe. Overshadowed by big sibling cafe Nevé, this delightful little space is spartan enough and serves some phenomenal coffee. Today they were serving Anchored, Cut, or Pig Iron beans. I went with a cut cortado and to date this has been the best cortado that I've ever had. Thankfully I showed up immediately after the patisseries arrived so I got to enjoy a still warm croissant to the Beach Boys, which the barista was subtlely humming along to all thea relaxing while.Easily the best cafe in the plateau/mile end for relaxing little coffee and newspaper reading on a Sunday morning.
Brilliant coffee. This used to be my home away from home every Sunday. The guys who worked there on Sundays were phenomenal. And now without further ado, the coffee: it was heaven. Silky but not weak. If I were to compare it to a note in a piano keyboard, it'd be a mi bemol. What amazed me more, every Sunday, was the consistency in taste. Every cup was made to perfection through a choreographed dance of flawless man-machine interactions; culminating in the perfect cup of coffee for my Sundays regardless of the temperature outside. I highly recommend their cappuccinos and (my favorite) Corrado.
Wow!!! This place had some killer coffee! I think I sucked mine down in 3 drinks and still wanted more! It's a small quaint place with friendly baristas. It was a bit of a walk from where I was staying but well worth it!!! If you're into thick creamy lattes and great flavor then This is the place for you!
Tiny but with great impact with fab espresso! Cosy and just oh so perfect on early Sunday mornings. Bring along your newspaper and you're good to go ;)
The espresso is amazing for people that understand the great taste of a really coffee !
Amazing lattes. The baristas are chill and friendly, and the whole place feels like a narrow hollowed-out ship with the wood elements and pseudo-nautical theme.I especially like the small drawings that adorn the register and walls, including one which poses the question, "Why do cats purr?" with an accompanying doodle of a purring cat seen to have bees on the inside. Because obviously.
Note: This is a more sour blend of coffee like what is served at Neve and Myriad. If you like that type of coffe you will like this. If you prefer a more nutty type of coffee (think Vielle Europe, Cafe Italia, Cafe Olympico) then you will not be impressed. Expensive. Delicious cookies ($3 and face sized- like maybe 500+ calories).Nice staff. Hipster young people on laptops. Limited seating. No lunch fare.
This small (small!) coffee shop is owned by the same people as Névé - and the coffee is just as awesome. The espresso is good, and their milk-base coffees (lattes, cappuccinos, etc) are some of the best in town, hands-down. There's a few small tables inside, but not much else. It's find if you and maybe one other want to sit and read/have a chat, but not much else.They also have the same big chocolate chip cookies as Névé, which are my favourite in all of Montreal. I'm not sure what else they have in the way of food, but I don't think there's much in the way of a full meal.
Amazing coffee served to you by miserable people.
Nice, weird space inside with bright accents of color. Friendly service and delicious cookies. The iced cafe au lait was a bit bitter tasting, but still better than other cafes (looking at you Second Cup), especially the nearby Starbucks. It can be a little cramped inside and the barista misunderstood us and made 2 drinks when I asked for 2% milk.
I adore Flocon. It is teeny tiny and as soon as you walk in, you cannot help but swoon over the smell of the best espresso on the whole island. Their espresso is fab and their lattes are positively gorgeous. If you can score a table, you're lucky, but the neighbourhood is so much fun that I prefer walking around with my drink in my paw, soaking up Mont Royal. While I've never tried the baked goodies, they look amazing and tempt me every single time, be strong JJ, be strong...
Very good coffee here on Mont-Royal. Folks are really nice and take pride in the product. Miles better than nearby pretenders. Very small (cramped) with communal tables (and power, so bring a portable powerstrip with your laptop to make friends).Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
Yummie.Self and boyfriend enjoyed Cappuccino Caffè Macchiato - really good coffee and nice presentation. Also on offer were the same or similar delicious chocolate chip cookies also on offer in Cafe Neve. Same owners?Worth a visit - like the industrial interior. Its a small and quaint coffee stop.
I really enjoyed finding this place when vacationing in Montréal.  A small, quaint, and personal space.  An amazing moka: the best in the city (based on my experience).  Keep up the great work Flocon!
Sooo good. This espresso is the best I tasted in Montreal, and that's saying a lot! This place is small, but charming. Great ambience in here. The staff is knowledgeable and I think they're all perfectionists when it comes to coffee: I saw them toss a couple mounds of ground espresso, shaking their head as if it wasn't up to par. The baristas are incredibly nice and helpful (bilingual as well). I came here 4 times throughout my short stay (I drink a lot of coffee), and vehemently recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal!
I just come for the donuts stuffed with custard.  Amazing!  It depends when you go because there might not be any left when you get there.  Really awesome espresso as well.  Laid back atmosphere.  It would be a good place to chill on a Saturday or Sunday morning with the paper.
Great coffee, tiny place, cakes and muffins are good too. Best coffee in that part of the city.
The atmosphere here is relaxed, people are smiling, charming local art hanging on the walls and decent amount of sitting space inside. It has big freaking windows for the natural light. In the summer you can go in the back and sit under the trees, near the garden. The parents can bring their kiddies as there is a playroom inside. In the summer months the kids can play in the open space in the back.The people working here are friendly and professionals. They try new recipes regularly. Vegan every Tuesdays is delicious. I tried the chicken burrito with the pumpkin soup, the last time, which was the special of the day. The meal was lovely and filling and I am sure I had a smile on my face while I devoured it.Highly recommended anytime.
Daily specials, cooperative waitstaff, exquisite plates from time to time. Cash. Dining: teice
My friend and I decided to go here because of the reviews on Yelp. Because of the number of English reviews, I thought there would be a portion of the menu in English. There wasn't but our servers did speak English. The food took an awfully long time to arrive at our table. Two tables who arrived later than us both got their food earlier than us. We didn't even get water until we asked for it. If you don't speak a bit of French, I wouldn't recommend going here. But if you're ok with that and a long wait time for food, the price for the amount of food is pretty decent.
Came here because of the review They seemed to have really nice mochaBut it is DISAPPOINTING. Their mocha is like pouring milk and adding chocolate powder in freaking drip coffee.Don't go to this place if ur looking for good coffee.
Touski is a great spot for affordable delicious food! This worker cooperative run cafe has a very relaxed flow to it. There are different seating areas with a great outdoor area. I had the breakfast burrito which was delicious and their sour creme was marvellously rich. I highly recommend stopping in for food here.
My wife & I were exploring this part of the city & stumbled upon this charming cafe. We took the omelette & a crepe. So so so good. Friendly staff, also!
A great little gem of a brunch restaurant in the neighborhood. The staff were super friendly and accommodating. The food was unpretentious and tasty. We both had omelettes with house salsa that was flavorful. The price was very reasonable for the quality of food.It was a very casual and relaxing atmosphere.
If you're visiting Montreal, Cafe Touski is a unique and delicious place to eat. It's down to earth, alternative, and friendly. And the food is pretty good too! I went for Brunch. The portions were generous and really tasty.There's a huge back yard space to sit with a garden, picnic tables, and big trees. Inside is a mix between cafe and restaurant with some over stuffed chairs thrown among the tables. Certainly not the fanciest décor, but that's what makes comfortable. It's relaxed and more like a community place than a restaurant  because it's run by a worker's collective. Next time I'm in MTL I'll definitely be coming back.
A great place to grab brunch or lunch on a summer's day. I love the huge backyard with picnic tables. It's such a great spot to eat in, it makes you feel like you're out of the city.  The food is solid, beer selection is alright and prices are reasonable. While it didn't blow me away, it's a solid option if you live in the neighbourhood, and the backyard space blows away a street side terrace any day.
Stumbled upon this great cafe on accident. Even though they were pretty busy, we were seated, allowed to order, and served within a short time. We spoke almost no French (though my lovely boyfriend uttered attempts), and the waitresses were still kind and patient (and spoke English). The food was excellent--healthy, hearty, and delicious--and even better, it was the cheapest price tag we've seen all over the city. If you want a local, passionate eatery, look no further.
Best beef barley soup ever. Great place to grab an espresso and a decadent French dessert. Top quality food at great prices. Highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area.
Cute little spot near our hotel at the edge of Old Montreal. Relaxed vibe, clean restaurant, friendly service.Lots of fresh homemade treats. Order at the front counter and they will bring it to your table.It seems to be on the horse drawn carriage path and the architecture of surrounding buildings is gorgeous.Several of us enjoyed the bacon/cheddar/leek quiche and the others the breakfast sandwich. Good coffee too.
I stopped at this amazing cafe every morning on my way to the Palais des Congress while I was visiting Montreal. The pastries are out of this world delicious and the coffee was good and hot (and they had soy milk AND almond milk!!)! The service was incredibly friendly. I can't wait to visit Montreal again, I'll try to stay near them again!
Stayed at the Westin in old Montreal this weekend with my parents and we loved this little bakery. Ate two breakfasts and a lunch here and thoroughly enjoyed the convenience, high quality and service of the owner and his family (and other employees). Very friendly people! Try the quiche, croissants, and sandwiches. You won't be disappointed. I wish I lived closer!
The pastry and coffee are excellent here. And I like the environment and the staff.
This place gets one extra star for convenience for Westin guests. I walked out the main entrance and circled the block to enter. I only realized that I didn't have to leave the hotel at the end, when I used the Westin facilities.  Not uber crowded on a weekday. Above average coffee and ok croissants. Expect an above the average deli croissant with slightly above the average ham and cheese. Sadly nothing to write home about but I would definitely pick this place in a heartbeat over Starbucks, if I were rushing to the airport or if I slept above it and needed to start the day full and on point without hassle.
Good coffee and the salmon panini was fresh.  Almond croissant is ok, no one downtown is master class for croissants tho.
You know when you have really high expectations for a place and then they don't deliver... Cookie Stephanie isn't that. In fact, it over-delivered! With some of the best grilled cheeses in town and a huge assortment of desserts, this has got to be one of my favourite Old Port lunch spots.Bonus points for gluten-free bread.
Got the fleur de sel caramel cake.  To break it down:Fleur de sel - fineCaramel - can't go wrongCake - ugh. hated it.  Made with chickpea/garbanzo flour, and it tastes like it.  Never going to try the cakes from here again. Might stop in for another grilled cheese someday if I'm nearby and need lunch.
When you are cold and hungry, this little cafe seems like a utopia!  Try the grilled cheese, with plenty of cheesy goodness.  Finish off with any of the wonderful sweet treats.  Not a huge space, but grab a stool by the window and indulge your gluten free sweet tooth!
I do believe this is the one place in Montreal we went to twice during our week-long visit. And how could we not? Go for a visit, try one little bite of anything, and I bet you'd be a repeat customer as well. Long gone are the days of gluten free baked goods tasting like cardboard. Plenty of people and places have figured out fabulous recipes that won't leave you disappointed, and no one should write off Cookie Stefanie just because it's a dedicated gluten free bakery.On our first visit, Adam and I shared a coconut, chocolate, and nut cookie bar that was amazing. Incredible balance of flavors, sweet but not too much so, with a heavenly melt in your mouth texture. The toasted coconut was perfect and the bar was plenty big to share. It was wonderful paired with our espresso, which was one of the best coffees we had on our trip. During our second Stefanie trip, we opted for something savory. Grilled cheese. And oooohhh my god you guys.. Most melty, cheesy, gooey, fat sandwich you ever saw. Seriously... They grab a HUGE handful of shredded cheese and smush it in-between seriously good GF bread in a panini maker. It's all messy and perfect. I ordered mine with bacon and onions, which elevated it to a new level of wonder. There's all kinds of beautiful baked good here from muffins, to cookies, to bars, to pastries, to brownies. Great coffee menu and juices as well. Prices are probably a little higher than your typical bakery, but nothing outrageous and definitely worth the price.
Excellent sweet treats, Kusmi tea chai lattes, and coffee!  Free wifi and excellent, friendly customer service.  Definitely recommend stopping by for a snack or to try one of the grilled cheese sandwiches!
Gluten free cookies! Really! And they taste great! It can be so hard to find GF restaurants, let alone ones that offer dessert, so we stocked up on these cookies and have been enjoying them in our hotel room. My husband liked the maple chocolate chip, and I highly recommend the lemon ginger!  We stayed in the shop for a late lunch of grilled cheese; the daily special of duck confit was good, but the classic with bacon was amazing.  Also, the pain au chocolate is irresistible! Don't expect the croissant style typical in France-this is more like a small loaf with chocolate throughout and large sugar crystals on top. Summary-if you are GF, definitely go here when in Montreal. Even if you aren't GF, you will enjoy these tasty treats!
I came in here for breakfast and coffee. I ordered a bacon grilled cheese sandwich and a cappuccino. Both were good but unremarkable. However I loved the friendly service and the cafe itself. Perfect place to lounge, read a book or get come work done. They have power outlets and a comfortable seating area. Plus their prices are really good. Worth stopping by for a casual coffee or snack.
For my birthday I was given a gluten and sugar free carrot cake.  Fantastic, delicious, excellent are just a few words that the people who tried it used.  No one could believe it was gluten free as they thought it was the best carrot cake they had ever had.  I could not agree more. Cookie Stefanie you have a fan forever.  Thank you!  I can't wait to try your other delicacies!  I was also informed that the price was incredibly affordable!   How can anyone not want to support this kind of business.  Reasonably priced and incredibly delicious food.  My new favorite bakery!!
Everything was so delicious. We (gluten free and non gluten free people) tried 5 different things. You must try this place even if you don't have celiac disease.Additionally the staff members were incredibly patient and friendly with our excitement and all of our questions.
So happy we found this place!  Everything we had was phenomenal and reasonably priced for a dedicated gluten free bakery.  We got the grilled cheese,  Nutella blueberry muffin, and apple cinnamon cake for around $10, and they were all delicious. The staff was also very friendly and helpful with helping us decide.  They have cookies, cupcakes, muffins, bars, a variety of coffee, in addition to take home cakes and loaves of breads and granola.
Excellent Gluten Free place! Grilled cheese with bacon and onion was amazing! Muffins and the carrot cake are very tasty! A must try if your in Montreal!
after sharing many cakes and pastries at work and knowing that my supervisor has celiac disease and can't enjoy what we're having (you could tell there was a little tear in the corner of her eye every time), i end up at this gluten free shop to test drive some items before deciding if its worth plunging in and get some cake and cookies for work.well, it is that good! got a mix bag of 6 mini cookies (no tax): lemon/ginger, maple/chocolate, chocolate and chai. load with flavor, those cookies are packing quite a punch and lovely scent. the chai and lemon/ginger ones will make your taste buds as well as your nose quite happy! *happy dance*i did looked at their cake selection (before going with the cookies) and the reine elizabeth looks mighty mouth watering.their opening hours fucking suck though. they operated during the 8 to 5 work day and saturday only. and the fact that they are in old montreal makes this quite a trip to get there..anyway, treat yourself to some really delicious cookies and probably cake too
Having celiac disease, I absolutely love this place. It's fantastic!The brownies are great, along with the carrot cake, muffins, and the coffee isn't bad either.  Perfect for anyone suffering from celiac disease or is gluten intolerant.  The price point is perfect.  Did I mention they have grilled cheese sandwiches?  Fantastic!
Fantastic!The grilled cheese with bacon and onions was phenomenal; the bread was amazing. Great espresso and added bonus - they have maple syrup and honey for sweeteners!! And the cookies - tried the mini chocolate which was heavenly. Bought the maple and lemon/ginger to go...maple is amazing, lemon/ginger was eh (but then again I don't like ginger that much). Only down side was discovering them on our last day in Montreal.
I definitely give this place five stars for the cookies.  However, the cupcake and grilled cheese weren't so hot.  The staff members were incredibly nice and it's a quaint place to sit and have a cup of coffee.
Yum!!! The chocolate cookies here are so amazingly delicious that I really wish I bought more than one. The cookie was perfectly crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside. Also tried the brownie with walnuts and the little apple cinnamon loaf. Both were very good, but the cookie stole the show!This shop is located right behind Le Westin, where we stayed, which was very convenient. I just wish we had discovered it earlier in our stay so I could have eaten more cookies :)
I don't normally eat sweets but I had the chocolate mini cupcake and I ate the whole thing in probably a minute.  It was that good.
Was happy to find a Gluten free bakery that tasted like heaven. Had the carrot cake n let me say wow it's mind blowing. The staff is so friendly. Only said I didn't buy a whole cake. Lol
Great coffee at affordable price! Located right next to a university so pricing is much more affordable. I enjoy the more chocolaty old school coffee beans and this is exactly what Café 1880 serves.
Solid bet for very good second-wave coffee and sweets around the corner from Berri metro. Their espresso doesn't match Pourquoi Pas a few blocks away on Amherst, and you won't see bags of beans from a favourite third-wave roaster on offer, but that's not really the point. What you will find are quality baked goods, including great jelly-stuffed donuts for $1.25. (On those days when you are really winning at life, you may even find yourself here in the minutes before closing when they start clearing out the donuts at 2-for-1 prices.) The coffee holds its own with other quality second-wave offerings in town, like Olimpico, Café Vito or even San Simeon in Little Italy. It's less expensive than the average third-wave joint, too: as much as I love those spots, none of them will sell you a latte and a fancy baked good for under $5 like Café 1880 will, tax in. On a recent weekday afternoon, there were some fuzzy bearded gentlemen tapping away on their laptops and a clutch of teenagers chatting over coffee. There is a handsome window counter in polished wood and a few high tables with stools, as well as some regular tables with chairs. I wouldn't make this a destination for the coffee per se, but it's definitely a sure bet for study, work or chatting if you're in the area (or if your sweet tooth is showing).
trendy café in the uqam neighborhood. its situated right next to a bus stop. don't be like me and get fooled by the number in their name thinking it was the address.. took me a while.so to get closer to finishing my indie passport, i went by saturday morning (since they are closed on sunday) and first thing that hits you is that its pretty dead on weekend. most people i saw go in would do takeout and i was the only one with a sit down coffee. place is extremely clean with a modern look to it compare to the really dead ugly neighborhood.as always, got a cappuccino which was a lot similar to coffees i've been drinking lately, smooth easy to swallow with a very thick velvety milk foam and they were quite generous on the foam. i would have prefer something a bit stronger/bitter. alongside the very good coffee, got one of their strawberry/raspberry danish. sweet sticky danish with a slight sour/tart filling. if you need your sugar intake, this is it!as for the ambiance, i was the only one sitting there and one person joined me as i was almost done so i can't comment much but it looks to be quite a decent place to get some studying going on.definitely a good place to consider in the neighborhood. if they opened back in my uqam years, i'd totally spend all my time here instead of hitting the big chains
Located near hotels and the UQAM campus, this cafe featured a good selection of pastries and beverages.  The assorted croissants and muffins were solid - not stellar. The coffee was good. It was pretty busy on a weekday morning with a combination of both tourists and locals.
Delicious cappuccinos (try the mocha, yum) in a nice little quiet atmospheric shop and wonderful friendly service. Definitely a nice place to sit and sip and read the paper or people watch out the window. Just a bit hidden but definitely worth finding. Had a tasty fresh chocolate croissant as well, be sure to check out the array of muffins!
Mmmm....decaf latte. That's honestly all I ever had at this cafe, but man it's good. It comes with a pretty leaf design too! They offer Felix and Norton tiny cookies and also pastries. My friend had a muffin and a cappucino, both which were good according to her. It was actually very quiet when I went which is a plus. Nothing I hate more than overcrowded coffee shops. Service is friendly. Oh! And they offer some salads and sandwiches/wraps as well. Located near UQAM, perfect for university students. I really recommend this place, it's a cute and quaint place.
Great selection if coffees and sweets!Mochachino was really good and the après espresso was perfect!The atmosphere was great as was the friendly service and down to friendly owner! I would definitely would go out of my way to return. ;)I see there is Wifi listed but wasn't evident would be a nice plus if it was.
I was disappointed to experience that both the service & food quality are not consistently good. I won't be going back.
Cafe 1880 is a smashin' place! Great for a quick coffee or for sitting down and working the day away. It's a hidden gem around the corner of Boulevard René-Lévesque and Rue Saint-Denis. It's a bit out of the way of the busy Rue St. Catherine, and so it's not crazy busy like other commercial coffee shops lik Starbucks (although they are still quite busy!).The shop is decorated with a trendy, modern style. The baristas were also totally rad, and I had a short but cool chat with them. At least one of the baristas was extremely cute, too ;)The coffee is really good (not the best, in my opinion) but definitely still more than deserving of frequent visits!
I really like the place! I have been there on a regular basis since they opened up in summer 2012. The owner told me back then that their concept was to be a pretty basic coffee shop where everything is cheaper than at the big chains all around in downtown. I was wondering if they would make the prices go up when they would start having more customers... but fortunately it did not happen :)  I usually get a latte (sometimes decaf), or a chai latte (made from real chai tea with a bit of honey on top--NOT from a sweet syrup like you would get in many other coffee shops). I'm also happy with what I get. They now have some lunch food (sandwiches, yogurts), which I have not tried, but their muffins and viennoiseries are always delicious, for a good price. The service is not rushed, but not too slow either. The one reason why I don't give 5 stars is because the neighborhood is not an exciting place. It's not a place that could have a nice little patio in the foreseeable future. If you're OK with sitting inside or taking your beverage to go, then yes, go there!
I stopped in just to find a place to get a coffee and check my email, though I was pleased to find they had good and cheap doughnuts! I thought the doughnuts were homemade - and at $1.25 for apricot doughnuts, that would be a deal. The second time I stopped in, I was disappointed that the doughnuts are just made by Premiere Moisson - a quebecois chain :/ It's still nice to grab a good doughnut that's cheap in the area, but the coffee isn't great (like many places in Montreal) - otherwise this place would not earn 3 stars.
pretty good hearty grilled cheese. service is prompt despite the sometimes long lineup. grilled cheese was warm enough with the cheese melting. not piping hot so you can actually eat it.a bit pricier than i'm used to but nonetheless, one of the better truck out there
I checked these guys at last night at the Quartier des Spectacles. It was tough to pick a food truck, as they were all set up at exactly the same time. However, all I could think about was grilled cheese with bacon. Enough said, right?  I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the grilled cheese - I was worried it would be ginormous, but it was the perfect size for one person (i.e. regular bread was used). The cheese had a strong flavor - a bit stronger than I normally like, but the caramelized onions and bacon balanced everything out perfectly. Despite the fact that it's a load of carbs, the sandwich was surprisingly light. My personal preference would be for thinner, crispier bacon though. I think they use peameal, which is thicker. I found it a little chewy for my taste. Otherwise, c'est bon!
They were parked outside of the Mondiale de la Biere on the first day of the festival, and so, after long hauling it from one end of the Palais to the other, I decided to reward myself with one of their grilled cheese sandwiches.The herboiste (or something to that effect) is 2 slices of white bread, jammed packed with a mishmash of ricotta cheese, cornichons, capers and herbs. Nothing froufrou about this place, they don't seem to be trying to elevate the sandwich, instead, they are just doing the right thing, offering a twist on an old fashioned standby. I like that simplicitly... KISS!
I like cheese..and I like bread.. But for some reason, I've never been a fan of grilled cheese sandwiches.However, I must say that I had a grilled cheese sandwich from these guys and it was quite good. Ate it in about 3 seconds. Definitely way over priced for what you get, but delicious nonetheless.I tried them at Quartier des Spectacles, although I'm not sure where they are located now...If you do find them, try the GC's...But expect to pay $8 for a tiny sandwich...
This is the most insulting meal I've had this month. I ordered a chilli grilled cheese sandwich and was served 2 slices of cheap white bread with unmelted cheese and a tablespoon of lukewarm chilli in the middle. Uhm, really? And that for almost $10. I was left baffled, hungry and extremely disappointed. For a truck that specializes in grilled cheeses sandwiches, it's just not ok.
This past weekend, I was able to make his first visits to the area to continue my quest of trying all the trucks. First up, I hit up P.A. &amp; Gargantua from some grill-cheese sandwiches. Gargantua is all about gourmet grill-cheese using local Quebec cheese, unique breads and adding some extra goodies to make an awesome sandwich. On this day, they were using cheddar from L'Ile-aux-Grues and a Mie au lait bread. I decided to try the bacon sandwich - which adds bacon, shallot confit and smoked butter.Off the bat, the bread is grilled perfectly. Nice colour and crunch while keeping the interior a little soft to go with the melted cheese. The bacon, to my pleasant surprise, was actually thick-cut bacon and not overly crispy so it added a nice fattiness to the sandwich. The cheese was warm and melted all the way through but maintained some thickness to it so it wouldn't just fall out of the sandwich. Great richness came out of that cheddar. This wasn't some cheap Velvetta cheese here. The shallots and the smoked butter added a nice notes as well but thankfully didn't overpower the flavour of the cheese and the bacon. Well done overall.
Food: they offer a variety of coffees, smoothies and drinks for 5a7!! Also pastries and sandwiches are available~ we got regular coffee, well brewed~Service: friendly, lay backPrice: reasonable for coffeeAmbiance: bonus++ vintage retro feel, upstairs is more industrial style and fairly big space. Downstairs is more like a lounge bar feel, like in ur best friend's basement with couches and long wooden table. Most clientele is from Concordia~
La qualité des ingrédients est indéniables. Le menu est simple et savoureux. A smooth tasty soup and a fluffy salad with a tasty vinaigrette that doesn't kill the greens! Rare and appreciated. Great teas and coffee.I come here often now.
Kafein is a great café and bar option in the Guy-Concordia / Peel area. Their lattés are consistently great, but the mocha is also worth a try! Their food options are light, tasty, and made with fresh ingredients. The decor is very different upstairs vs. downstairs. The upstairs is fairly neat (exposed brick, industrial stools), whereas the basement is more dimly lit and intimate. As for their bar, they have a fairly creative cocktail menu that is worth trying and a pretty active roster of DJ events, poetry nights, etc.
Go to a Concordia poetry reading here and enjoy the excellent sangria that they make especially for you. Try their excellent cocktails as well. An impeccable and creative menu.
Beautiful atmosphere to really just let yourself go after a day's work.The interior is non traditional with sofas and couches scattered all over. When i was there, they were playing Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) on a project. The place in all its entirety is one word: hip. The lounge style interior makes the place look super chill.The cocktails are bar standard expensive. $9-$12. But they are REALLY good. Mostly original mixes.A must go if you want to indulge in the amateur art culture.
I really like this cafe/bar, for starters, the downstairs is cute and has a live DJ which is fun, and the setting is cozy (some rips in the couches but still cute vintage feel), their plates are super antique looking fine china, which only adds to the vintage feel, which adds to the charm. The best part, aside from the romantic lighting and feel, is the happy hour because their amazing drinks are cheap (~$7 for super fancy drinks), they come in really fun glasses - the mojito, which is my favourite, comes in a mason jar mug and has brown rock sugar at the bottom and LOTS of fresh mint, it tastes amazing.. probably my favourite mojito in the city thus far. Although I wouldn't come here for dinner, the food is fresh and has lots of fun ingredients, I think the presentation is nice and definitely worth trying something if you're hungry. My only major complaint is that the bathrooms didn't smell good and they were so tiny..but I'm not sure if they have nicer bathrooms upstairs.Only giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the slightly ripped couches and the tiny bathrooms downstairs.. I know it's part of the charm, but I think they would be better off replacing them or throwing a blanket over top.. but happy hour drinks and ambiance.. would have otherwise won them 5 stars
I went to this place looking for a sandwich around lunchtime. I ordered a veggie panini for takeout for my drive home. This is a pretty laid back looking place with small tables, large enough for a laptop and a plate. They had lots of kinds of tea and coffee available and also a wide variety of snack items like croissants and brownies. There seems to be a downstairs that is more lounge style with couches but I didn't go down there to see. The sandwich I ordered came with some chips and a carrot salad. The chips were identical to Miss Vickie's original chips and the carrot salad was sour tasting... The salad also made my sandwich soggy in the box. The sandwich itself was tasty but the bread was really dry on the sides because the veggies were all piled in the middle. Overall, it was okay... I might go back to see if they have anything better to offer.
Great coffee shop! Creative and inspiring vibe! Love coming here for a cup of coffee, tea or their awesome duck salad!
Possibly my new favourite café/lunch place downtown Montreal - less crammed than some of the others. I had a fabulous fried haloumi sandwich. I'm pretty fussy about my hot drinks, and had a chai latté that was just so-so, but I'd go back and try the espresso-based drinks to see if they're better. The staff was super easy-going and friendly, the atmosphere chill, and the décor clean and fresh, while also warm and comfortable. They have exhibition opportunities for artists, and are pretty open about what they'll exhibit. Great vibe. Check it out.
I've gone to Kafein for lunch, a quick coffee, a snack, an energy smoothie and drinks. Each time I went, I was not disappointed. The food was fresh, whole! It did not taste like packaged food. My advice is to try their Chai Latte or brownie smoothie for a healthy treat. Oh & their drinks, pleasantly strong & delicious. The staff is nice, too!
Worst service ever. We had to beg for cutlery way after our food arrived. Food was Ok(not great)  but the service ruined the experience.
Superb cafe right next to Concordia campus that's perfect for a quick lunch, a study area (especially downstairs), a quick delicious drink or a relaxing weekend with poetry readings on Saturday & Sunday. Basically, they have it all! The half panini + soup combo is under $10 which is a steal for a student like myself. The lavender, rosemary lemonade is deliciously tart and full of flavour, which is wonderful because many a-times lemonade is extremely watered down. Yes this may just be another "artsy" cafe that litters montreal, but the atmosphere and table arrangements create a comfortable stay, no matter what you're there for! Also, i read a past review that there used to be shisha and i'd love to see that return! It would be awesome!
I've visited a few more times during the day in the past few weeks, and the music has been much more palatable. The staff has actively kept the volume at an appropriate level, and genre-wise they've leaned away from angry grunge and toward jazzy pop, which makes for a much more pleasant ambiance.
Before the flood happened -x- months ago, the downstairs area of Kafein looked super cool, vintage, and mysterious. Now it's lost its charm, however, that's not their fault. We can put it on mother nature... for now.I've come here for drinks, I've come here for small bites, I've come here for coffee, and I have never left unsatisfied. I wouldn't say this is my favourite place to go, but it's not a bad place to go either. Most recently, I came here with a hangover, and their Ginger-Thyme Lemonade cured my ailing stomach! The ginger was strong, the thyme added a nice touch, and the lemonade was sweet'ish. I'm going to make this at home from now on, and when I'm too lazy, I'm going to walk on over and order one... or two. I love it.
Dear kafein,I wanted to give you 5 stars, I miss your shisha days. You had the best vibes , comfy couches, dark ambiance, old school jams.  Why did you have to change? I don't really see the point of coming back to you now. I had some of the best times in your basement. Maybe i'll make a short visit and try one of your sandwiches upstairs.
Last night, my friend and I were looking for a casual place for a drink so we headed to Kafein on Bishop. I was not aware that this café by day turns to a bar by night. As I entered the bar, I was immediately taken by the cosy, home-like vibe. The décor was lovely. With its Red walls, the lights dimmed, and red velvet chairs, Kafein is made attractive and welcoming. I ordered a Mojito. Served in a mason jar for 10$, I was satisfied with my choice. I would recommend this place for a date. Though the music became increasingly louder as the night progressed, Kafein maintains a romantic atmosphere, which in turn makes you at ease and relaxed.
Kafein's food is good but coffee not so good; however, they make a mean cup of mocha. I really liked their squash soup, and the size was pretty generous for a small. Not sure if they bake their own pastries, but their croissants were delicious. Every time I've gone my wifi was unreliable, but if you don't need wifi, the space is actually pretty nice. Its got the right balance of coziness with quite a bit of space.
I absolutely adore this place! The upstairs is a coffee shop with great food and lemonades, the downstairs is a dimly lit bar with couches and a cozy atmosphere. The music they play is great and the coffee is delicious! Would definitely recommend Kafein to everyone!
Kafein, why do you hate vegans so much? There's like nothing on the menu I can eat since you changed it. And before, there was like, one item. What the heck happened to the vegie paté sandwich? Sandwiches on chewy white bread? White mayonaise pesto and cilantro and sautéd mushrooms? That's what I make at my house when I'm lazy... Puh-leaze... Accompanied with chips? Again: puh-leaze...  How about a thick vegetable stew once in awhile (curry mushroom-kale or potatoe-bean or lentil-carrot) or some vegan cookies... I gave my vegan baker friend your business card and she got excited and went by and spoke to you then called and you never called her back.And I wish you'd turn it around, Kafein, cause truth be told, you're not a bad place. Your downstairs is comfortable and you've got a well-stoked bar and I like your bathrooms though the urinals are set way too high, and I'm like what, 5'11''? You've got good djs and you don't come down hard on the nice homeless fella who hangs around outside though so many other establishments would - and that's kind of ya.But come on... vegan it up for the rest of us, will ya?
Love that spot and try to hit it whenever I am in town, whether to get a (good) cup of coffee or specialty tea or a stronger drink in the evening in the downstairs bar. Caught some pretty nice DJ sets as well in the cosy space. Good service, good drinks, there are few places like this in this part of Montreal..Definitely worth checking out!
Food: they offer a variety of coffees, smoothies and drinks for 5a7!! Also pastries and sandwiches are available~ we got regular coffee, well brewed~Service: friendly, lay backPrice: reasonable for coffeeAmbiance: bonus++ vintage retro feel, upstairs is more industrial style and fairly big space. Downstairs is more like a lounge bar feel, like in ur best friend's basement with couches and long wooden table. Most clientele is from Concordia~
La qualité des ingrédients est indéniables. Le menu est simple et savoureux. A smooth tasty soup and a fluffy salad with a tasty vinaigrette that doesn't kill the greens! Rare and appreciated. Great teas and coffee.I come here often now.
Kafein is a great café and bar option in the Guy-Concordia / Peel area. Their lattés are consistently great, but the mocha is also worth a try! Their food options are light, tasty, and made with fresh ingredients. The decor is very different upstairs vs. downstairs. The upstairs is fairly neat (exposed brick, industrial stools), whereas the basement is more dimly lit and intimate. As for their bar, they have a fairly creative cocktail menu that is worth trying and a pretty active roster of DJ events, poetry nights, etc.
Go to a Concordia poetry reading here and enjoy the excellent sangria that they make especially for you. Try their excellent cocktails as well. An impeccable and creative menu.
Beautiful atmosphere to really just let yourself go after a day's work.The interior is non traditional with sofas and couches scattered all over. When i was there, they were playing Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) on a project. The place in all its entirety is one word: hip. The lounge style interior makes the place look super chill.The cocktails are bar standard expensive. $9-$12. But they are REALLY good. Mostly original mixes.A must go if you want to indulge in the amateur art culture.
I really like this cafe/bar, for starters, the downstairs is cute and has a live DJ which is fun, and the setting is cozy (some rips in the couches but still cute vintage feel), their plates are super antique looking fine china, which only adds to the vintage feel, which adds to the charm. The best part, aside from the romantic lighting and feel, is the happy hour because their amazing drinks are cheap (~$7 for super fancy drinks), they come in really fun glasses - the mojito, which is my favourite, comes in a mason jar mug and has brown rock sugar at the bottom and LOTS of fresh mint, it tastes amazing.. probably my favourite mojito in the city thus far. Although I wouldn't come here for dinner, the food is fresh and has lots of fun ingredients, I think the presentation is nice and definitely worth trying something if you're hungry. My only major complaint is that the bathrooms didn't smell good and they were so tiny..but I'm not sure if they have nicer bathrooms upstairs.Only giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the slightly ripped couches and the tiny bathrooms downstairs.. I know it's part of the charm, but I think they would be better off replacing them or throwing a blanket over top.. but happy hour drinks and ambiance.. would have otherwise won them 5 stars
I went to this place looking for a sandwich around lunchtime. I ordered a veggie panini for takeout for my drive home. This is a pretty laid back looking place with small tables, large enough for a laptop and a plate. They had lots of kinds of tea and coffee available and also a wide variety of snack items like croissants and brownies. There seems to be a downstairs that is more lounge style with couches but I didn't go down there to see. The sandwich I ordered came with some chips and a carrot salad. The chips were identical to Miss Vickie's original chips and the carrot salad was sour tasting... The salad also made my sandwich soggy in the box. The sandwich itself was tasty but the bread was really dry on the sides because the veggies were all piled in the middle. Overall, it was okay... I might go back to see if they have anything better to offer.
Great coffee shop! Creative and inspiring vibe! Love coming here for a cup of coffee, tea or their awesome duck salad!
Possibly my new favourite café/lunch place downtown Montreal - less crammed than some of the others. I had a fabulous fried haloumi sandwich. I'm pretty fussy about my hot drinks, and had a chai latté that was just so-so, but I'd go back and try the espresso-based drinks to see if they're better. The staff was super easy-going and friendly, the atmosphere chill, and the décor clean and fresh, while also warm and comfortable. They have exhibition opportunities for artists, and are pretty open about what they'll exhibit. Great vibe. Check it out.
I've gone to Kafein for lunch, a quick coffee, a snack, an energy smoothie and drinks. Each time I went, I was not disappointed. The food was fresh, whole! It did not taste like packaged food. My advice is to try their Chai Latte or brownie smoothie for a healthy treat. Oh & their drinks, pleasantly strong & delicious. The staff is nice, too!
Worst service ever. We had to beg for cutlery way after our food arrived. Food was Ok(not great)  but the service ruined the experience.
Superb cafe right next to Concordia campus that's perfect for a quick lunch, a study area (especially downstairs), a quick delicious drink or a relaxing weekend with poetry readings on Saturday & Sunday. Basically, they have it all! The half panini + soup combo is under $10 which is a steal for a student like myself. The lavender, rosemary lemonade is deliciously tart and full of flavour, which is wonderful because many a-times lemonade is extremely watered down. Yes this may just be another "artsy" cafe that litters montreal, but the atmosphere and table arrangements create a comfortable stay, no matter what you're there for! Also, i read a past review that there used to be shisha and i'd love to see that return! It would be awesome!
I've visited a few more times during the day in the past few weeks, and the music has been much more palatable. The staff has actively kept the volume at an appropriate level, and genre-wise they've leaned away from angry grunge and toward jazzy pop, which makes for a much more pleasant ambiance.
Before the flood happened -x- months ago, the downstairs area of Kafein looked super cool, vintage, and mysterious. Now it's lost its charm, however, that's not their fault. We can put it on mother nature... for now.I've come here for drinks, I've come here for small bites, I've come here for coffee, and I have never left unsatisfied. I wouldn't say this is my favourite place to go, but it's not a bad place to go either. Most recently, I came here with a hangover, and their Ginger-Thyme Lemonade cured my ailing stomach! The ginger was strong, the thyme added a nice touch, and the lemonade was sweet'ish. I'm going to make this at home from now on, and when I'm too lazy, I'm going to walk on over and order one... or two. I love it.
Dear kafein,I wanted to give you 5 stars, I miss your shisha days. You had the best vibes , comfy couches, dark ambiance, old school jams.  Why did you have to change? I don't really see the point of coming back to you now. I had some of the best times in your basement. Maybe i'll make a short visit and try one of your sandwiches upstairs.
Last night, my friend and I were looking for a casual place for a drink so we headed to Kafein on Bishop. I was not aware that this café by day turns to a bar by night. As I entered the bar, I was immediately taken by the cosy, home-like vibe. The décor was lovely. With its Red walls, the lights dimmed, and red velvet chairs, Kafein is made attractive and welcoming. I ordered a Mojito. Served in a mason jar for 10$, I was satisfied with my choice. I would recommend this place for a date. Though the music became increasingly louder as the night progressed, Kafein maintains a romantic atmosphere, which in turn makes you at ease and relaxed.
Kafein's food is good but coffee not so good; however, they make a mean cup of mocha. I really liked their squash soup, and the size was pretty generous for a small. Not sure if they bake their own pastries, but their croissants were delicious. Every time I've gone my wifi was unreliable, but if you don't need wifi, the space is actually pretty nice. Its got the right balance of coziness with quite a bit of space.
I absolutely adore this place! The upstairs is a coffee shop with great food and lemonades, the downstairs is a dimly lit bar with couches and a cozy atmosphere. The music they play is great and the coffee is delicious! Would definitely recommend Kafein to everyone!
Kafein, why do you hate vegans so much? There's like nothing on the menu I can eat since you changed it. And before, there was like, one item. What the heck happened to the vegie paté sandwich? Sandwiches on chewy white bread? White mayonaise pesto and cilantro and sautéd mushrooms? That's what I make at my house when I'm lazy... Puh-leaze... Accompanied with chips? Again: puh-leaze...  How about a thick vegetable stew once in awhile (curry mushroom-kale or potatoe-bean or lentil-carrot) or some vegan cookies... I gave my vegan baker friend your business card and she got excited and went by and spoke to you then called and you never called her back.And I wish you'd turn it around, Kafein, cause truth be told, you're not a bad place. Your downstairs is comfortable and you've got a well-stoked bar and I like your bathrooms though the urinals are set way too high, and I'm like what, 5'11''? You've got good djs and you don't come down hard on the nice homeless fella who hangs around outside though so many other establishments would - and that's kind of ya.But come on... vegan it up for the rest of us, will ya?
Love that spot and try to hit it whenever I am in town, whether to get a (good) cup of coffee or specialty tea or a stronger drink in the evening in the downstairs bar. Caught some pretty nice DJ sets as well in the cosy space. Good service, good drinks, there are few places like this in this part of Montreal..Definitely worth checking out!
based on the 2 patties i had, MOTHERFUCKING YES!i heard about this place years ago from à la di stasio but completely forgot about it until recently when i had a nice chat with jesse from l'artiste affamé. and since i was in the mood for some homey cheap eat which is frankly, the best kind of food, i had to stop by despite a very hot sunday.the grocery store is easy to miss if you don't pay attention but if you're walking or biking, its almost impossible to miss it as you'll hear the music quite loud and clear. very hard to miss with that part of the neighborhood being quite dead.as you enter, stop at the cash register to look at the menu, make a choice, pay and bring the receipt order to the back for your food. that is if you're not getting patties as they are in the oven next to it.patties are $1.25-$2 depending on either haitian or jamaican. as for the plates, most of them are around $10 after tax. mind you, they take cash.now, the patties. the haitian one is made with puff pastry therefore extremely flaky and filled with beef. i didn't ask if they had other kinds. quite good but very flaky. best eaten with a drink in hand to wash down the flakes.as for the jamaican patty, full of beef, full of spices, quite spicy and full of flavor. definitely prefer that one over the haitian beef patty.will definitely be back to sample their plate offerings but so far so fucking good!ps. there's the grocery part of the place since its first and foremost, a grocery store but i didn't look around as i was all set on the food..
Summary: incredible food and the slow service could be improved. I have been to Marché Meli-Melo on a regular basis for the past few years. I always get griot, acras and cola champagne. The pork is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The sauce is savoury and complements the rest of the plate perfectly. Good job! As for the service, a smile would be a minimum.
Woohoo! As good as it gets!I knew I was in for a treat when there was a Romados-esque lineup to order. Got myself the griot to go, and ate it on a bench outside. This was somewhere in my top 5 meals ever in this city, and dear God was there a lot of it. You get a very generous helping of pork--I think marinated in that bitter orange stuff--and fried plantains and rice and beans. There's a bigger cup of some sort of vinegary sauce, pea sauce I think, not very hot, and a little cup of pikliz, which is sort of like coleslaw at 100,000 Scoville units. I ate the pikliz in a bite or two and then drizzled the juice over the whole thing--delicious!Unfortunately the zip ties on my bike basket disintegrated a few days ago, or I would have come home with like 69 jars of that pikliz in tow. It's that good.
This was our first Haitian food experience, and it was excellent!  We found our way to the back of the store where they prepare your orders, but the guy working the register was helpful enough to notice us and let us know that we need to order back at the register. He even let us know about their generous portions, and recommended that we order just one meal for the 2 of us.  This was great advice - it was a ton of food!  We ordered the griot (pork), which came with a couple plantains and an absurd amount of rice and beans.  The rice was perfectly seasoned, and the meat was very tender.  Based on other reviews here, we were hoping for some good food, but the friendly and helpful service really put it over the top!
Méli-Mélo has a little bit of everything for those who are interested in Haitian and Carribean food and culture. There is a grocery store, with giant sacks of beans and rice, cans of interesting fruits and spices, and fresh fruits and vegetables including sugarcane and whatever kind of mangoes are currently in season in Haiti. There is a hot food counter, with wonderful Haitian meals to go, and pâtés Haïtiens at the cash register. There is a case full of Creole-language books and some Creole magazines and newspapers. There is even a service for sending food or flowers to your friends in Haiti.A typical Haitian meal consists of meat with rice (usually riz collé - rice with beans, or riz djon djon - flavoured with black mushrooms), plantain (fried), and maybe some salad or pickleez (spicy pickled cabbage). Griot is cubes of fried pork. Cabri is stewed goat meat. Lambi is conch meat (seafood) and is a special-occasion dish. Chicken (either grilled or in stew) is also typical but I don't know if it has a special name ... c'est juste du poulet.To vary your starch (or add to it), try maïs moulu (similar to polenta) with bean sauce (sos), or véritable (breadfruit).Acra is a kind of cod fritter (savoury) served as an appetizer. Pâtés Haïtiens are different from the more-familiar Jamaican patties (though Méli-Mélo also sells those). You have a choice of beef (rectangular), morue/codfish (triangular) and sometimes chicken (semicircular) filling surrounded by flaky puff pastry. Eat over a plate so that you don't miss the crumbs that are sure to fall off. You can take your pâtés home and reheat them, or take them along to a soccer (football) game if you want to be a real Haitian.Bon appetit !
Short and Sweet!I don't really buy anything else there than a few spices , and plates of food.This place always lives up to my Haitian food cravings. Being Haitian, the food at Méli-Mélo is always good, and always leaves my  tummy full :)The plates of rice and beans and choice of meats are about 10$ bucks. I always have some left over. Its a lot of food.I recommend this spot. Order your food at the counter, take it home, and enjoy your Caribbean goodness!
Awesome Haitian food. Super authentic, the smell will drive you wild. I have no idea how they get such a great flavor so far from Haiti. The boulet, grio, and kabrit are all well worth the wait - 30 min for a Thursday night. They serve it with excellent pikliz, if you need more you can buy a jar or two there. This was definitely the high point of our trip to Montreal. Its one block walk from the nearest Metro station so you have no excuse for not going there.
I don't know what they put in the soups and I don't want to know ... I know one thing: ALL the soups are ridiculously good. It's a problem now because they are close to my job and the soups are very inexpensive. I hate how much I love it! They also have a great selection of vegan salads, wraps, sandwichs AND SOUPS!You should try it ... or maybe not ... I want all the soup.
I really liked this small cozy market.  Any place that offers mainly vegetarian cuisine, without compromising on taste is a winner in my book.I'm afraid I wasn't blown away by the soup, which is the reason I've removed one star.  It was good, but just that.  I found it was lacking something, it's hard to put my finger on exactly what.  I'm not giving up though, I'll be back to try another soup, I don't think it's fair to judge everything based on a single experience, so look out for a review updateI definitely want to single out the warm and welcoming attitude of the staff.  They were very attentive and were happy to answer all the questions I had and more.  I also want to give bonus points because they have a nice long table set up with a bunch of chairs, so that when I visited yesterday in the biting cold wind, I was able to sit down, take a load off, and have a nice bowl of soup.Before I forget, extra bonus points for being open until 10 PM every day!
Good soup. Good price.
if you love le pick up, you'll love soupson too! not only are they located on waverly, they both carry similar food items. the one difference would be soupson is more on soup while le pick up is on sandwiches.nonetheless, soupson is one of those hidden mile-ex gems. heck, everything in mile-ex is pretty much gem after gem.besides soup, you can find already prepared sandwiches, produces (since its part grocery) and regular convenience store products.what i truly like about the place is that they carry foreign food fare (like the korean ice cream bars) as well as sweet lee's cookies. and they are open late so you can always grab something to eat when le pick up is closed.they apparently have donuts but i've never been able to grab one..
This is my local dep, so of course I pretty much love it. The soups and the weekend chili to go are deelish and always act as my dinner when I cannot be bothered to cook, the cashew milk used as a base is really nice and filling. They've got other ready made wraps, yummy European cookies, baking supplies, beer, kale chips, places to sit and eat your soup and everyone that works here is super friendly.Sometimes it is a little tough to find what you are looking for as the place is so eclectic and the lighting isn't so great though. Losing a star for their late opening hour and early closing hour and their only so-so selection of beer.
Awesome soup!! There is only 1 soup of the day but you can also buy yesterday's soup  cold in a mason jar. The soup today was an asparagus, spinach and pea soup. It was just wonderful! We sat in the dining area which was a long communal table.The reason for -1 star is that we also purchased their millet salad and chili (which we heated later on for dinner) as well as some banana bread. We were disappointed in all of these items. Loved: The soup, it was REALLY REALLY good! Also comes with bread :)Meh: The millet salad, the small salad, the banana bread, the chili. Basically, everything except for the soup.
At $4 (tax included), this is incredible value for a large, delicious banh mi. I also enjoyed the ice coffee. Came right at noon, but as I was leaving, a long line. Still, it moves quite quickly. Highly recommend!
Open till 10pm every day of the week serving homemade and mostly vegetarian and even vegan soups, so already, I love Soupson. The creamy soups are made with an in house cashew milk which is beyond tasty and super filling. They also offer sandwiches with meats roasted in house so nitrate and preservative free. This is also a regular dep so you can grab grab beers, smokes, organic vegetable chips: you know regular stuff. But you can also pick up organic fruits and veggies, and if you buy a big soup in a Mason Jar you can bring it back for refills, eliminating a little bit of the great wash of packaging in your life.
The soup are alway delish.  I personally enjoy the Mexican wrap.
I love Soupson. For a long time, it was just part of the backdrop on my walks in the Mile-Ex but now it has become a regular stop for me when I am in the area thanks to my friend telling me to check out.The owner is incredibly friendly and always let's you taste the soup even if you're coming in for something else. Every day she prepares a fresh batch, always vegan, with a cashew cream or sunflower cream base. It's always delicious and I've never been disappointed. On the weekends, they have chilli (vegan and meat) that I haven't tried yet but I've heard are good. Not feeling soup or chilli? Their fridge are always full of salad, sandwiches and wraps. They also carry delicious cookies and on Tuesdays and Fridays they get Saint Donuts (I'm kinda obsessed with those donuts.) You can also stay in to eat or take it away.The great thing about Soupson is that it's also a mini grocer and they carry fresh produce. It's your one stop shop for your dep-grocery-restaurant needs.Enjoy!
We were told that this was something new that they were trying out. A roasted turkey wrap with swiss cheese, almonds and dried cranberries. Almost a pseudo turkey dinner wrap, this "sandwich" was held together with a soft wholewheat tortilla. Again, roasted right in the store, the turkey was still juicy and full of flavour and was really nice with the nuttiness of the almonds and the sweetness of the cranberries. Third sandwich in, it was very apparent that Soupson's sandwich and lunch vision is to provide really solid and simple meals - which is very commendable.
Offers exceptionally tasty  soups, sandwiches, wraps, and specialty foods to eat in or take out. Also sells a good assortment of grocery foods. The space is very clean, bright, open, and comfortable. I really enjoyed my flavourful meal and will go back for more!
Good value overall, but your choice of brunch place will depend on what you're looking for...Quoi De Neuf has a great variety of breakfast options, fresh juices and at least one smoothie. Their potatoes are nice and crispy, the food is generally good. Although beware : you'll have to pay if you want real maple syrup (3$ for a 1oz bottle). However their café au lait is mediocre at best.Toi, Moi et Café nearby had much less choice in terms of food and fresh juices, and the style is slightly different (eg. Soft breakfast potatoes), but their coffee is MILES ahead, a real treat!!Take your pick
I've had better breakfasts in the U.S. in the middle of nowhere than at this place.All the other 4 and 5 star reviews must be from friends or family members because there is no way this place ranks as a 4 or 5... that, or my standards for a basic breakfast are too high.SERVICECrap. Obviously. Condescending, rude, they ignored me the entire time I was there and was not interested in serving me. FOODSubpar. The only thing worth eating on the plate were the fried potatoes but that's because they crisped them well and put seasoning salt all over them.The rest of the meal was crap. I had the omelette (does it matter which kind? it won't matter because they will more than likely all suck). Underseasoned, watery... need I go on?OTHER ANNOYING THINGSMaple syrup is $2.83 extra. WTF? Why don't you just give free Aunt Jemima's maple syrup and if people want "real" maple syrup, then charge them $0.50 extra? How much goddamn syrup do you think people are eating to charge them $2.83 extra?The menu is all over the place and confusing with its placement of wording and boxes. Get it together, it's all a mashed French / English and in some areas, confusing to know what tehy are referring to.Nope. Not coming back.Should have trusted my instincts and gone to the Mamie Clafoutis down the road. At least I would have been satisfied with a real croissant and pain au chocolat.Gah. What a waste of money. I'm kind of annoyed right now.Freakin' lying yelpers.
Walked in Saturday around noon and the place was full! Luckily there was a two-seat table available for me. For most, the wait was about 15min. The diner-style breakfast and lunch location had a relatively younger crowd of patrons. Seating is casual and seats may feel a bit cramped for those used to diners with booths. The menu has a large variety of breakfast foods, from the basic sausage and eggs to skillets with a variety of ingredients. Coffee is offered shortly after you're seated, and menus are bilingual. I ordered the Reine (Queen) skillet which had home fries, sausage, mushrooms, peppers, and shallots, topped with scrambled egg and a choice of hollandaise sauce or Swiss cheese (or both!). A side of bread was also available-and I chose the baguette. The skillet came piping hot and lived up to expectations, and the baguette was soft and already buttered. Don't be tricked by the size of the skillet-it's a filling meal!The price per person came out to about $15 tax included, which I felt was good qualité/prix. Would definitely recommend for a small group of friends looking for brunch, be sure to come early as they close at 2:30pm every day!
Been here a few times, food is good but the service is ALWAYS horrible. We called and checked what time they close at, after showing up with enough time to eat the busboy or waiter who answered us at the door made us feel so uncomfortable about staying and continuously reminded us of our time frame, even after I called and got confirmation that when we showed up in the next ten minutes we'd have enough time and wouldn't be inconveniencing anyone. Long story short we didn't stay and I definitely won't be going back or suggesting this place to anyone. The only reason it give it two stars is they sadly do have good food.
Seemed like the staff just didn't want us there. The hostess was stressed out, unequipped for the task at hand. Service seemed good at first, then the quirky sprinkles of attitude turned into rudeness. The separating of the bill seemed to be a huge ordeal our server looked very put out, tapping the huge calculator on the wall so hard it bounced. Dry sausage topped this off for me as a no. Worst, it was my friends birthday and and a reunion of sorts. :(
Chef' s omelette on the pan is phenominal !!! My favourite brunch place, it's two steps away from marche Atwater . I recommend this place !
Had breakfast with friends and enjoyed food, service & venue. One downside is the nigh level of noise from the small area. I would definitely go back again.
Hands down my favourite place to brunch on the entire island. Everything about Quoi de n'Oeuf is perfect!  The staff is adorable, everyone is friendly and helpful without being overbearing. The split second you sit down; you're offered a cup of coffee on top of that you never have to ask for more since the waiters have some sort of spidey sense and are always offering more when your start running low. The second most important part of a brunch after coffee is food. You won't be disappointed here! The food is fresh and not too greasy compared to other spots. I love the portions size, big enough to brunch but not too much that you can't barely get up your chair. Like I mentioned in the top section, the fruits are always fresh and ripe so it's worth forking the price to get an extra sides of them. I like how they go the extra mile to offer you a nice variety to change it up a bit from the usual. For example, try the baguette instead of plain toasts. While you're at it get the cretons as part of your meat choice. It's delicious on said baguette!  The house specialty is fried eggs in a skillet with choices of vegetables and meats. It's very popular with the patrons and as delicious. It's also bigger and richer than their other plates. The only negative I can see with the food is that for bigger appetites, the plates are either small or they don't serve enough potatoes. Not a problem for me since I can barely finish my plate as it is but the boyfriend expects me to finish my plate so he can fulfill his appetite fully if you see what I mean. Price wise, it's cheap to moderate.  The skillets and crepes are a bit more expensive but a full breakfast will cost you around $10 tax in. The place is not very big but you can easily skip the line if you get there prior to 10 a.m.  If you do have to wait in line, it usually goes by pretty fast. It does get more busy when it's sunny outside. While some people may argue that they're not the most creative, and they're not completely false, Quoi de N'oeuf remains at the top of my list because they do a classic breakfast well. I love venturing out to try something new but sometimes you just can't beat a classic!P.S. For the coeliac people out there, they offer a gluten-free muffin (individually wrapped) with yogurt and fruits. My coeliac mom tried it and wasn't contaminated! That's bonus points for me!!! :)
Really nice place for breakfast - especially during the week when you don't have to compete with the weekend brunch-and-crying-kid crowds. If you go on the weekends, I strongly suggest getting there before 10AM for a table or else the line can be really long and you'll have to wait (hence the crying kids!)Good coffee and eggs, and terrific service. Love the wait staff there.
Went for breakfast here after a lovely morning at Atwater market. My friend had an amazing omelet which she said was one of the best she had the whole trip. I had a a amazing skillet that was huge and delicious.
Second time eating here on the same visit to Montreal. The food is delicious and the service is fast. A nice lovely place with such fast service that there isn't usually a wait on the weekends they say. The home fries are a definite must try as my whole family devoured them. It's also close enough so that you can pop over to Atwater Market right after breakfast and walk off the carbs from the four slices of baguette that you might have eaten. Lol.
Hot Coffee, good food! Close to home.
The Atwater market area has many great breakfast places and this restaurant is one of them. The wait to get a table wasn't bad considering it was a Saturday morning.  We were seated in about 10-15 minutes.I ordered the eggs which came with a choice of meat (sausage in my case), feves aux lards, potatoes and toast.  I really liked how they do their potatoes and the sausage was also really good.  I wasn't too crazy about the feves aux lards but I've never been a fan of them to begin with. The prices are very reasonable here.  Filtered coffee is included with your meal.  The total bill was $14 after tip.  Service is also pretty good.  Overall I'd recommend this place.
Great brunch in a great place. We'll be definetely coming back!
Cute place, nice location, yummy food.What else do I need to say? My omelet was perfectly cooked and the potatoes passed the test! Prices were pretty decent too woot woot!
Awsome service! Wait staff was very friendly! And we were a groupe and it went fairly quickly! Food was fresh and good! portions were just right and the prices were reasonable as well. The ambiance is good, the music was a bit loud, dont think i would go with my parents since they wouldnt be able to hear me, but for me it was fine. Keeping it bookmarked!
Great quality for great value.This is one of my favourite brunch places, it's super cute and is steps away from the Atwater Market and Lachine Canal. It's ideal for those summer days when you'd like to take a little stroll or bike ride after. It's usually busy and tends to have a line up during typical brunch hours, so the earlier (or later) you get in.. the better! I'm a big fan of their omelettes (the one's served in the cast iron skillet, too) and their benedicts! Their menu offers up so many varieties, all of which are delicious! Their potatoes are made to perfection... perfectly spiced, perfectly crispy on the outside, and perfectly soft on the inside! Whether you like it salty or sweet... you will not be disappointed.
I dig it here. It's made my brunchtastic list due to a combination of location, food, prices and the feel of the place.All three times I've been were at busy weekend brunch times but I've never waited long for a table. I just would pop in, tell the "host" how many were in my party/give my name, waited in the front foyer and then usually was seated in 5-10 mins. It's street parking but you can also use the shopping lot across the street.It's always busy, humming with conversations and seating is cozy with neighbouring tables. It has a neat little interior decor with a side of rustic exposed painted brick and the art of some local artist hanging on the walls. The waiters have always been super friendly as well as attentive whenever I've gone... the only delay was while waiting to pay but I was quite content to sit there and let my belly digest my brunch for a while anyway.The crepes, eggs benny and signature skillets are delicious. I had the vegetarian and cheese omelette once and it was alright but needed a bit of a flavour punch to be better. My friends went apeshizzle over the cretons so I guess it was good too, if that's your thing. Next up I'm trying their waffles and a croissant sandwich. Also, mimosas. When in doubt always have a mimosa.I will definitely become a regular here, especially with out of town friends.It was salivating... and not just because of the food. The waiters wear suspenders. I approve.
Another Yelp find while in Montreal for Osheaga. This place was close to where we stayed, and we were lucky to get a table without waiting - the line outside definitely grew longer shortly after we arrived! A busy place is generally a sign of good food, too. I had the main breakfast special with two meats and my bf had the waffle. Wow - portions are excellent. Service is good, and the range of options is pretty impressive. I saw a skillet pass by and I had order envy for sure. Will defintely come back next time we are visiting Montreal!
I could see why some people would say why this brunch place is nothing special and very ordinary. It really depends on the dish you get. But I really don't mind an ordinary breakfast that's simple. That's just me. Yesterday was my third time at Quoi de Neuf and I ordered something out of my comfort breakfast zone: NOT a benedict but an special omelet. I ordered the Queen, and yes it is amazing. It was served in an iron cast pan, sizzling hot, and full of great flavors. It was all omelet on top and lo and behold underneath was where all the magic was for me. Perhaps I am hyping it up, but man that omelet was served in such a unique way. Never have eaten omelets like that. It was basically a thin omelet with all the filling (mushrooms/red peppers etc) underneath the thin layer. Delicious! I scraped up every piece. Service has always been very fair here , every time I go. Always attentive with the refill of coffee, and they are in good spirits. Not bad for brunch. I find some brunch/breakfast joints the waiters show their stress. Anyways, if you're near Atwater market, or Lionel Groulx, stop by for breakfast then do your groceries! Although Saturdays get really busy, not friendly for groups because you have to wait usually.
Good value overall, but your choice of brunch place will depend on what you're looking for...Quoi De Neuf has a great variety of breakfast options, fresh juices and at least one smoothie. Their potatoes are nice and crispy, the food is generally good. Although beware : you'll have to pay if you want real maple syrup (3$ for a 1oz bottle). However their café au lait is mediocre at best.Toi, Moi et Café nearby had much less choice in terms of food and fresh juices, and the style is slightly different (eg. Soft breakfast potatoes), but their coffee is MILES ahead, a real treat!!Take your pick
I've had better breakfasts in the U.S. in the middle of nowhere than at this place.All the other 4 and 5 star reviews must be from friends or family members because there is no way this place ranks as a 4 or 5... that, or my standards for a basic breakfast are too high.SERVICECrap. Obviously. Condescending, rude, they ignored me the entire time I was there and was not interested in serving me. FOODSubpar. The only thing worth eating on the plate were the fried potatoes but that's because they crisped them well and put seasoning salt all over them.The rest of the meal was crap. I had the omelette (does it matter which kind? it won't matter because they will more than likely all suck). Underseasoned, watery... need I go on?OTHER ANNOYING THINGSMaple syrup is $2.83 extra. WTF? Why don't you just give free Aunt Jemima's maple syrup and if people want "real" maple syrup, then charge them $0.50 extra? How much goddamn syrup do you think people are eating to charge them $2.83 extra?The menu is all over the place and confusing with its placement of wording and boxes. Get it together, it's all a mashed French / English and in some areas, confusing to know what tehy are referring to.Nope. Not coming back.Should have trusted my instincts and gone to the Mamie Clafoutis down the road. At least I would have been satisfied with a real croissant and pain au chocolat.Gah. What a waste of money. I'm kind of annoyed right now.Freakin' lying yelpers.
Walked in Saturday around noon and the place was full! Luckily there was a two-seat table available for me. For most, the wait was about 15min. The diner-style breakfast and lunch location had a relatively younger crowd of patrons. Seating is casual and seats may feel a bit cramped for those used to diners with booths. The menu has a large variety of breakfast foods, from the basic sausage and eggs to skillets with a variety of ingredients. Coffee is offered shortly after you're seated, and menus are bilingual. I ordered the Reine (Queen) skillet which had home fries, sausage, mushrooms, peppers, and shallots, topped with scrambled egg and a choice of hollandaise sauce or Swiss cheese (or both!). A side of bread was also available-and I chose the baguette. The skillet came piping hot and lived up to expectations, and the baguette was soft and already buttered. Don't be tricked by the size of the skillet-it's a filling meal!The price per person came out to about $15 tax included, which I felt was good qualité/prix. Would definitely recommend for a small group of friends looking for brunch, be sure to come early as they close at 2:30pm every day!
Been here a few times, food is good but the service is ALWAYS horrible. We called and checked what time they close at, after showing up with enough time to eat the busboy or waiter who answered us at the door made us feel so uncomfortable about staying and continuously reminded us of our time frame, even after I called and got confirmation that when we showed up in the next ten minutes we'd have enough time and wouldn't be inconveniencing anyone. Long story short we didn't stay and I definitely won't be going back or suggesting this place to anyone. The only reason it give it two stars is they sadly do have good food.
Seemed like the staff just didn't want us there. The hostess was stressed out, unequipped for the task at hand. Service seemed good at first, then the quirky sprinkles of attitude turned into rudeness. The separating of the bill seemed to be a huge ordeal our server looked very put out, tapping the huge calculator on the wall so hard it bounced. Dry sausage topped this off for me as a no. Worst, it was my friends birthday and and a reunion of sorts. :(
Chef' s omelette on the pan is phenominal !!! My favourite brunch place, it's two steps away from marche Atwater . I recommend this place !
Had breakfast with friends and enjoyed food, service & venue. One downside is the nigh level of noise from the small area. I would definitely go back again.
Hands down my favourite place to brunch on the entire island. Everything about Quoi de n'Oeuf is perfect!  The staff is adorable, everyone is friendly and helpful without being overbearing. The split second you sit down; you're offered a cup of coffee on top of that you never have to ask for more since the waiters have some sort of spidey sense and are always offering more when your start running low. The second most important part of a brunch after coffee is food. You won't be disappointed here! The food is fresh and not too greasy compared to other spots. I love the portions size, big enough to brunch but not too much that you can't barely get up your chair. Like I mentioned in the top section, the fruits are always fresh and ripe so it's worth forking the price to get an extra sides of them. I like how they go the extra mile to offer you a nice variety to change it up a bit from the usual. For example, try the baguette instead of plain toasts. While you're at it get the cretons as part of your meat choice. It's delicious on said baguette!  The house specialty is fried eggs in a skillet with choices of vegetables and meats. It's very popular with the patrons and as delicious. It's also bigger and richer than their other plates. The only negative I can see with the food is that for bigger appetites, the plates are either small or they don't serve enough potatoes. Not a problem for me since I can barely finish my plate as it is but the boyfriend expects me to finish my plate so he can fulfill his appetite fully if you see what I mean. Price wise, it's cheap to moderate.  The skillets and crepes are a bit more expensive but a full breakfast will cost you around $10 tax in. The place is not very big but you can easily skip the line if you get there prior to 10 a.m.  If you do have to wait in line, it usually goes by pretty fast. It does get more busy when it's sunny outside. While some people may argue that they're not the most creative, and they're not completely false, Quoi de N'oeuf remains at the top of my list because they do a classic breakfast well. I love venturing out to try something new but sometimes you just can't beat a classic!P.S. For the coeliac people out there, they offer a gluten-free muffin (individually wrapped) with yogurt and fruits. My coeliac mom tried it and wasn't contaminated! That's bonus points for me!!! :)
Really nice place for breakfast - especially during the week when you don't have to compete with the weekend brunch-and-crying-kid crowds. If you go on the weekends, I strongly suggest getting there before 10AM for a table or else the line can be really long and you'll have to wait (hence the crying kids!)Good coffee and eggs, and terrific service. Love the wait staff there.
Went for breakfast here after a lovely morning at Atwater market. My friend had an amazing omelet which she said was one of the best she had the whole trip. I had a a amazing skillet that was huge and delicious.
Second time eating here on the same visit to Montreal. The food is delicious and the service is fast. A nice lovely place with such fast service that there isn't usually a wait on the weekends they say. The home fries are a definite must try as my whole family devoured them. It's also close enough so that you can pop over to Atwater Market right after breakfast and walk off the carbs from the four slices of baguette that you might have eaten. Lol.
Hot Coffee, good food! Close to home.
The Atwater market area has many great breakfast places and this restaurant is one of them. The wait to get a table wasn't bad considering it was a Saturday morning.  We were seated in about 10-15 minutes.I ordered the eggs which came with a choice of meat (sausage in my case), feves aux lards, potatoes and toast.  I really liked how they do their potatoes and the sausage was also really good.  I wasn't too crazy about the feves aux lards but I've never been a fan of them to begin with. The prices are very reasonable here.  Filtered coffee is included with your meal.  The total bill was $14 after tip.  Service is also pretty good.  Overall I'd recommend this place.
Great brunch in a great place. We'll be definetely coming back!
Cute place, nice location, yummy food.What else do I need to say? My omelet was perfectly cooked and the potatoes passed the test! Prices were pretty decent too woot woot!
Awsome service! Wait staff was very friendly! And we were a groupe and it went fairly quickly! Food was fresh and good! portions were just right and the prices were reasonable as well. The ambiance is good, the music was a bit loud, dont think i would go with my parents since they wouldnt be able to hear me, but for me it was fine. Keeping it bookmarked!
Great quality for great value.This is one of my favourite brunch places, it's super cute and is steps away from the Atwater Market and Lachine Canal. It's ideal for those summer days when you'd like to take a little stroll or bike ride after. It's usually busy and tends to have a line up during typical brunch hours, so the earlier (or later) you get in.. the better! I'm a big fan of their omelettes (the one's served in the cast iron skillet, too) and their benedicts! Their menu offers up so many varieties, all of which are delicious! Their potatoes are made to perfection... perfectly spiced, perfectly crispy on the outside, and perfectly soft on the inside! Whether you like it salty or sweet... you will not be disappointed.
I dig it here. It's made my brunchtastic list due to a combination of location, food, prices and the feel of the place.All three times I've been were at busy weekend brunch times but I've never waited long for a table. I just would pop in, tell the "host" how many were in my party/give my name, waited in the front foyer and then usually was seated in 5-10 mins. It's street parking but you can also use the shopping lot across the street.It's always busy, humming with conversations and seating is cozy with neighbouring tables. It has a neat little interior decor with a side of rustic exposed painted brick and the art of some local artist hanging on the walls. The waiters have always been super friendly as well as attentive whenever I've gone... the only delay was while waiting to pay but I was quite content to sit there and let my belly digest my brunch for a while anyway.The crepes, eggs benny and signature skillets are delicious. I had the vegetarian and cheese omelette once and it was alright but needed a bit of a flavour punch to be better. My friends went apeshizzle over the cretons so I guess it was good too, if that's your thing. Next up I'm trying their waffles and a croissant sandwich. Also, mimosas. When in doubt always have a mimosa.I will definitely become a regular here, especially with out of town friends.It was salivating... and not just because of the food. The waiters wear suspenders. I approve.
Another Yelp find while in Montreal for Osheaga. This place was close to where we stayed, and we were lucky to get a table without waiting - the line outside definitely grew longer shortly after we arrived! A busy place is generally a sign of good food, too. I had the main breakfast special with two meats and my bf had the waffle. Wow - portions are excellent. Service is good, and the range of options is pretty impressive. I saw a skillet pass by and I had order envy for sure. Will defintely come back next time we are visiting Montreal!
I could see why some people would say why this brunch place is nothing special and very ordinary. It really depends on the dish you get. But I really don't mind an ordinary breakfast that's simple. That's just me. Yesterday was my third time at Quoi de Neuf and I ordered something out of my comfort breakfast zone: NOT a benedict but an special omelet. I ordered the Queen, and yes it is amazing. It was served in an iron cast pan, sizzling hot, and full of great flavors. It was all omelet on top and lo and behold underneath was where all the magic was for me. Perhaps I am hyping it up, but man that omelet was served in such a unique way. Never have eaten omelets like that. It was basically a thin omelet with all the filling (mushrooms/red peppers etc) underneath the thin layer. Delicious! I scraped up every piece. Service has always been very fair here , every time I go. Always attentive with the refill of coffee, and they are in good spirits. Not bad for brunch. I find some brunch/breakfast joints the waiters show their stress. Anyways, if you're near Atwater market, or Lionel Groulx, stop by for breakfast then do your groceries! Although Saturdays get really busy, not friendly for groups because you have to wait usually.
Nos Thés has a scrumptious variety of teas and food. Everything we tried here was well-priced and tasty, with unique touches on each dish (like roasted basil leaves with one of the chicken appetizers). Plus their salad dressing is addictive, and I can also now vouch for the scallion pancakes in particular. The servers were also super friendly!We came back here a second time during our short trip to Montreal just to try more of the teas. The bubble teas include a huge variety of real flavors of tea (not just the choice of "green" or "black" tea at every other bubble tea place). We tried blueberry rooibos, strawberry sencha, kokeicha, and chocolate mint -- all really good. They also have fascinating-sounding alcoholic mixed drinks that featured different teas.Also, they have almond milk as an option for their bubble teas! That's in addition to cow's and soy milk, so there are options for everyone. (Truly, so many points for having almond milk. Thanks guys!)
The tea selection is amazingly extensive and the taste is just as good.I made a visit to Montreal for the weekend and stumbled upon this place while exploring the neighborhood our hostel was at. I didn't visit Montreal for Asian food, but we were starving after a long train ride. I tried the beef noodle soup, which had short ribs in it. Not a fan of using short ribs in that particular dish, but other than that, it wasn't bad. I also ordered a honeybush four season milk tea and my friend got a plum & balsamic pearl milk tea (don't remember what it exactly was). I enjoyed mine and would frequent this place and try every flavor if I lived in Montreal.The place itself is trendy with modern chic decor and slanted glasses.Food would get 3 stars from me, but the milk tea makes it 5 stars because I like it that much.
FINALLY. Bubble Tea that is made using real tea! I have had such a hard time finding real bubble tea in Montreal. This place delivers and to a high standard. Great range of flavors, topping and so delicious.
Somebody who reads my reviews might have noticed by now that I'm not partial to extremely fancy restaurants nor do I enjoy having lots of junk food. At the end of the day, a five star rating from me is not saying that the restaurant has gold-plated toilets, nor that they defeather the chicken in front of me before they braise it in virgin truffle oil. For me, 5 stars--perfection--is when I walk out of the restaurant completely satisfied with my meal and how much I paid.NosThes fits the bill! Having grown up in China, I'm very picky about N.American Chinese food. It tends to be gross and have no correlation to real Chinese food. But NosThes is straight up solid Taiwanese! You could probably get a full meal out of a couple of their snack plates--I ended up ordering a couple because, my first time here, I had temptation to try everything on the menu. The dumplings are perfectly pan fried, the sausage is a little sweet, and the braised spicy beef tasted like home! For the amount of food we ordered, I feel like I got a great deal. Quality was spot on too.This place just opened and there are a few kinks to work out (the tea service is a little contrived/expensive), but I imagine that as soon as Montrealers taste this Taiwanese excellence, they'll never want to return to Tiki-Ming hell.
Service is impeccable. Our barista was so friendly and down to earth. In addition to providing honest menu recommendation, he happily shared his insight of Montreal culture with us. Between my friend and I, we ordered:- Hot taro milk tea with tapioca- Hot ginger tea with tapiocaWhile this was my first experience with with hot bubble tea, I've had my fair share of bubble tea in my lifetime. NosThes easily served THE freshest bubble tea I've ever tasted. The barista took his time steeping our tea (yes we oversaw the process as the other barista chatted up with us) and carefully crafted our beverages. The tapioca texture was on point; it had just the right amount of "glutinous chew" without that horrible "stuck in my teeth" feeling. What surprised us most was that no powder was involved during the making. It was apparent that the slightly higher price was worth every penny; the flavour actually tasted natural/real and our option of choosing less than 50% sugar brought out the natural flavours of fresh ginger/taro without being intrusive to the palette. I tasted real taro chunks and the hearty, graininess of the warm plant was truly something unexpected from this small joint in Gay Village.We did not order any food there so can't comment on quality in that department. Definite must if you're a bubble tea fan or if you're seeking an alternative cafe experience from your old standby. I will definitely return if I travel to Montreal again!
Though they have same name but this one is much worse than the one on St. Mathieu in term of service!
Delicious, authentic bubble tea cafe with a cozy atmosphere. Great service too! Friendly, helpful staff.
Nice looking, modern architecture, well -lit place. Waitress was very sweet, but the guys need to get it together. My companion and I both ordered the  wonton/seafood soup in chicken broth soup and tea. As I do not eat pork, which is what the wontons were, I asked the waitress to please hold the wontons & give them to my friend instead, and she was very happy to tell me she'd inform the cook. Our soups arrived, mine with 3 shrimp, 1 of which tasted mouldy and 1 scallop, in a greasy, but tasty broth. The bowl was SMALL and at $6.99 a bowl, that's STEEP! The teas arrived long after we finished our soups, and the waiter/tea person, wanted to know if we were ready to leave and pay, while we were still waiting for our teas! My friend also ordered a chocolate mousse, highly recommended by the waitress, which arrived FROZEN ROCK SOLID!  AFTER, my friend was halfway  chiseled   through her mousse, the waiter/tea person, noticed  her dilemma and quickly replaced it, (free, with apologies)  then placed her original in a microwave and brought it back! She ate 2 desserts for FREE! LOL  Our teas arrived not hot, as I like them Assam for me, Earl Grey for her, we had to ask for both milk and sugar, the sugar is a thick sugar syrup in a small bottle. I had no drip catcher on my infuser, had to place the infuser on top of my friend's , as she was given one. Again, there were apologies and a card given to us both for a freebie drink next time we go there, overall, since this place has been open for a few months now, the service should be up to par, not so sloppy. I might go back, but will steer clear of the overpriced soup, will try some of the mains, and if service is as sloppy as it was last night, will forego in future.
Bubble tea consists of a beverage with multiple flavors (w/ choice of cream or not), containing chewy tapioca pearls.  A popular Taiwanese delicacy.Unlike cheap powdered bubble tea that you get at most places, this joint has it done the way it should be. Also nice place to hang out, study, good food, decent prices. Highly recommended!
Le Cheese Casee-Croute is a food truck-turned-brick-and-mortar establishment that offers a variety of different types of mac & cheeses, poutines, sandwiches, and tator tots, highlighting local Quebec-ian cheeses.  This place was a little out of the way, but I was determined to stop by while on my trip!  It was freezing, raining, and windy, but I felt victorious, finally making it.  I ordered their famous mac and cheese, which I got it to-go, which came in a small Chinese take-out box - I can hear the guys cooking it up, with some bacon sizzling, with some ingredients being pan-fried, and all the ingredients just coming together.  The macaroni was cooked perfectly al dente - there was so much cheese, but it wasn't salty; the generous amount of bacon gave it that nice salty factor, but just enough to season the mac & cheese perfectly.  There were also roasted cauliflower, sweet green peas, breadcrumbs, some sriracha for a kick, as well as an addition of a homemade bechamel sauce that just made everything come together quite well.  The stop was totally worth it for me, as I love mac and cheese, and I think Le Cheese does it well!  The leftovers even tasted great the next day, so don't fret if you can't finish it (those take-out boxes are deceiving, as a lot can be jampacked in there!).  Staff were super friendly, and there are some seats inside to dine-in.+mac and cheese :D+take-out boxes available+friendly staff
You can never have too much cheese if you ask me and when you are craving some cheesy goodness look no further than Le Cheese.  This little diner is an ode to all the classic cheesy comfort food of your youth.  If you are in the mood for a classic grilled cheese or mac and cheese just like you used to have as a kid then come here for that fix.It is located right on Monkland Ave about a 15 minute walk from the Villa Maria metro.  It is on a quieter section of the street so parking should be pretty easy should you drive.  The place is pretty tiny and I could see where on a weekend seating may be hard to come by.  You order at the counter and your food is brought to you when it is ready.  They make it fresh to order so it might take a few minutes but the wait is worth it!I was starving so I went all out ordering the Cheese Steak in a combo with fries and tomato soup.  I was a little disappointed that there were no tater tots to be seen on the menu especially since other Yelpers have raved so much about them and I was dying for a taste.  This came out to about $19 but it was a ton of food so it was worth the price.The tomato soup was DA BOMB! It is seriously one of the best tomato soups I have ever tasted.  It had a creamy texture and well balanced flavour.  The philly cheese-steak kind of fell flat for me.  If memory serves me it was supposed to have a jalapeno cheese sauce but for something that supposedly contained hot peppers it didn't have much of a spicy kick to it.  The fries were very well seasoned and they had added rosemary for a little extra flavour which added a nice touch.  I also tried a bit of my friend's Batman grilled cheese sandwich which had cheese, bacon, tomatoes and avocado.  All I can say is holy grilled cheese Batman!  It was pretty good and it made me wish I had gotten that instead of the Philly Cheese Steak.Le Cheese is awesome and definitely merits more visits to check out what else they have to offer.  For all the cheese fans out there this is definitely the place to come to satisfy your cravings.
Oh my cheese! After a night of hockey and beers there is no better late night snack (open until 4 am) than Le Cheese. The food is a little pricey but it worth it.Every decadent bite is better than the last. I haven't eaten anything I didn't have to moan after taking my bite. Extra good news the incredible chili is back.If you happen to stumble upon this hole-in-the-wall gem you must have the Mac and cheese with a delicious grilled cheese!
What can I say about Le Cheese?  Definitely one of my favourite places to go in Montreal.  You can pretty much always find me there on Friday night, around 2 AM (that's still counts as Friday night for me!).  Bonus points for being open until 4 AM on Friday and Saturday nights, all year long!Ever since I read about Le Cheese last year, I knew we would hit it off, and boy was I right!  Le Cheese, as the name suggests, specializes in cheesy creations.  Grilled cheese sandwiches of every stripe (all excellent), mac and cheese, cheese infused tomato soup (going on my list of best soups in Montreal), poutine (a relatively recent addition, but still awesome), and deep-fried cheesecake!Many of the menu items are targeted towards omnivorian clientele, however there are plenty of choices for a vegetarian such as myself (even the BATman, Bacon, Avocado, Tomato, which can always be turned into the ATman ;) ).  Just be aware that everything is made on a shared grill, so while your meal can be meat free, there are always some byproducts that get in (grease, fat, oil).The poutine is made with a veggie-based gravy though, and is delicious!Located in a quieter part of Monkland, where you can actually find parking sometimes, right next to Shortbread by Gryphon and the Gryphon Tea Room, it's easy to overlook this semi-suburban block, but don't miss out.  Le Cheese is run by some of the nicest guys I know, the effort, commitment, and passion for their work is evident in everything they do.  I always feel at home when I visit.
Refined casse-croûte in an unpretentious setting.I had the belly bean poutine ($6) consisting of seasoned potato wedge fries, pork belly, curd, and fèves au lard for the sauce. Great mix of spices in the fries. The few pieces of pork belly were more like jerkey. Substituting fèves au lard for gravy was passable. Together the poutine was heavily on the salty side but there were a lot of flavours going on. In comparison, my friend's mac and cheese was extremely bland. For $6, the belly bean poutine is a worthy attempt to create something unpretentiously different. I'd go for it over fast food poutine any day.The price is right, and it humbly distinguishes itself from typical casse-croûtes. Worth a try if you're visiting the Monkland village. Takes card payments.NB: rating based on my poutine only. For me, it's hard for a greasy spoon to get out of the 3-star realm. I'll let my friends review their own dishes.
Nice little hippy looking place, with jenga blocs. I ordered their 1 lb Mac 'N Cheese for 15$. Alright, I was expecting a lot more from a restaurant that serves every item on the menu with cheese. Except...The macaroni was cooked al dente, which is probably the only positive thing I can say about the plate.In terms of presentation, it looked like a mess, as it came in a cardboard box, so the browned cheese was found in lumps here and there instead of covering the pasta/cheese mix. In terms of ingredients, other than the cheddar cheese (I presume) and macaroni, it contained cauliflower and green peas. I'm not sure where they got the idea that cauliflower and green peas would add, in any way, to the classic dish. It might look a little more pleasant, but you know green peas and cauliflower don't taste much right? Whatever their reason, the Mac N Cheese I had probably tasted as good as the cardboard box that contained it. It lacked so much in flavor that even salt, pepper, and their spicy mayo couldn't save it. For this dish, I'm giving it a generous 2/5.However, thank the Lord my friends ordered different items on the menu, including a 6$ (so much more affordable) poutine, which was decadent (see Tony Kangrui L's review), but a bit too salty apparently.What they call tater tots is actually breaded (with mashed potato powder, I suspect) mash, heavy on the cheddar, which tasted very nice next to my whole pound of cardboard-style Mac N Cheese, with green peas and cauliflower.So taking everything into account, I'll rate this an overall 3/5. tl;dr: DONT TAKE THE MAC N CHEESE!!
If you a Mac and Cheese lover then you'll love it here. A little out of the way from the Center of monkland but worth the extra few blocks down. While we were sitting down and enjoying grilled cheese sandwich which I found not too greasy and a good portion. There was a take out order happening for a party. Great idea! And the Mac and cheese bowls are perfect. Also tried the tater tots.. Wow fantastic.. The potatoes and mashed with just enough cheese, fried to perfection. Don't pop the first one in you mouth! You might not burn yourself and not enjoy the rest :)
Had the 1/4lb mac & cheese. The cheese was gooey  with specks of burnt cheese which made part of the mac crunchy. They added green peas and I think a bit of bread crumbs. Although I feel like 6$ is a bit much for what you get I was very happy with the taste.
Let's face it; childhood, or our idea of it is one of the snuggliest places you can sneak back to. This diner makes that visit not only easy but also rewardingly filling. Their classic grilled cheese sandwich has bacon in just the right proportion and is as flat and squishy as your memory of Mom's lunches. The Reuben sandwich had white cheese, pastrami, sauerkraut and a hint of hot mustard.  I wish now that my Mom would have developed that recipe because it really is that good. The tater tots are amazing; crunchy on the outside and dreamily soft and cheesy on the inside.Enough reading about the place, go there now!
3.5 stars: Discovered this food truck as we were wandering around Dorchester Square (they rotate their location daily according to guy taking our order).Out of the 3 trucks parked in the area, this one had a huge line of people swarming so naturally that attracted us to it, to discover that everyone was jumping all over this for their grilled cheese. Classic Grilled Cheese - You can't mess up a grilled cheese, and these guys did not. I was just hoping that it had some special cheese/bread/element to it, but overall it's just a straightforward grilled cheese.The tater tots seem to be something special here that everyone wants to get their hands on. Unfortunately they just ran out at around the 1:00pm when we stepped up to order. I'll be left wondering what was so good since everyone had a look of despair once they realized there was none left.FRIED CHEESECAKE - Probably the savior of our meal. Battered and topped with a strawberry jam based sauce. They also offer Mac and Cheese too sold by the pound in small/med/large takeout style containers.
Still the best tomato soup I've had, but I have to take them down a peg or two for being CLOSED the last 2 times I made the trek in from the West Island just to order some. What a letdown!One time, to me, was an exception, but now that it's been 2 in a row, I wonder if you're still open. I love your food, and I want to buy some, but I can't if your doors are closed. Worse, I'll think twice before coming in next time, likely in favour of a restaurant that keeps consistent hours. I love you guys.... open the doors!
Super cute diner, great vibes, great customer service. The Mac and cheese there is THE Mac and cheese. There is not better Mac and cheese, it is the best Mac and cheese. Get it with bacon. And get the pound.Also, the deep fried cheesecake is quite heavenly.
They serve melted cheese on buttery bread and play roots reggae in the diner. I'm sold.The place is small and casual but well designed with a cute vibe. The menu changes all the time but obviously consists mostly of variations on grilled cheese. Some funky ones I've tried include: burrito grilled cheese, pesto grilled cheese, and drumroll...poutine grilled cheese. So if you're looking for a quick, casual meal or a naughty snack this side of Decarie, Le Cheese is the place to be.
Monkland Village is home to many restaurants and on June 14th, they welcomed a new addition.  Le Cheese Truck, famous for it's amazing Mac n' Cheese opened its doors at 5976 Monkland Avenue.  They have been featured in MTL Blog as one of the best places to get Mac n' Cheese but they also serve amazing grilled cheese sandwiches, tomato soup, tater tots, philly cheese steak sandwiches and chili with curds.  Le Cheese also offers catering for weddings, events and birthday parties.  For more information, check out their Facebook page here or their official website.  Before Le Cheese moved in to this location, the restaurants that were previously located at this spot did not last very long.  I believe Le Cheese will have much better luck and will be breaking this tradition.  Follow them on Twitter to stay updated and don't forget to like their page!  If you try it out, leave some comments and let me know what you thought!  Enjoy!
First ever food truck! After a couple of years hearing about this concept I finally tried one! And this is where my exclamation points end...First, hard to get the guy on the phone to pin point where exactly the truck was. On Victoria at the corner of President Kennedy,  south of Sherbrooke.What he told me: rue du musee near Sherbrooke. ..Secondly, slacker at the front of the truck mumbles and low talks, overcharge me; not impressed.Thirdly, tried their watery tasteless lemonade,  their cheeseless mushy 9$ cheese steak sandwich (nothing like a Phily cheese steak...)Very pricey, hard to find, uninspired food truck left me starving.But at least a Phily Cheese Steak restaurant is opening in october on St-Viateur.  Hope they get it right.
We we're walking along lazily the Annual Monkland Village Street Fair. A motley of food vendors with prevalence of equal denomination, both food trucks and stalls we're available. We had the 'Classique' grilled cheese. I love paper thin pressed sandwiches. Just enough cheese and butter to summarize a great meal.
There's a part of me that thinks if I'm going to get a classic grilled cheese -- I might as well save the $4 and make it at home. But all of the other menu options make this place very worthy of a visit (or several...) You can get a combo that includes classic grilled cheese + tomato soup + drink for $10 or a special sandwich of the day + tater tots + drink for $14. We got one of each and also some Mac and cheese. Oh my the tater tots were so amazing! Both grilled cheese sandwich options were top-notch and the Mac and cheese was delicious (the soup was very good but not something I would personally go out of my way to order again) but we will definitely be back to try other sandwich specials. (In my opinion it's worth it to splurge a bit and get the special sandwich of the day combo since it comes with the tater tots, and the sandwich won't feel too much like something you could have made at home if you weren't feeling lazy.) Next time we'll probably get two special combos (it looks like they have two special sandwich options every day) and a small Mac and cheese to share and we'll be rolled out the door as very happy campers.
Best tater tots of my life, and really nice guys. Perfect late night food Monkland didn't know it needed.
Honeslty the TOTS are to die for!!!We also had the classic wich was whatever it was a bit dry and wasnt cheesy at all.The grilled cheese poutine was good. And tge reuben was so delish!!they make there own french sauce thumbs up!I love this place im so happy they opened an actual store! The food truck is wicked cool but its nice to know they have a location!
Le Cheese - a truck all about cheese and the different ways one can enjoy cheese. On my first visit, saddened by the Fried Cheesecake being sold out (more on that later...), I went for their special of the day - a fried onion, bacon and swiss grilled cheese. A nice size sandwich - the bread had a great grilled crisp exterior and the combo of onions and bacon gave a nice fatty sweetness to the sandwich. The swiss wasn't completely melted to my liking but honestly a minor quibble. Still a great sandwich.As luck would have it, I got the chance to walk by Le Cheese again a few days later when I went back to a final go-through and they had the fried cheesecake still available. 3 mini pieces of cheesecake deep fried and covered with a strawberry coulis. The cheesecake itself was nice and the strawberry coulis added some sweet fruitiness. The batter really had no flavour to speak of but at least it didn't get in the way of the cake. A solid dessert.
Le Cheese Casee-Croute is a food truck-turned-brick-and-mortar establishment that offers a variety of different types of mac & cheeses, poutines, sandwiches, and tator tots, highlighting local Quebec-ian cheeses.  This place was a little out of the way, but I was determined to stop by while on my trip!  It was freezing, raining, and windy, but I felt victorious, finally making it.  I ordered their famous mac and cheese, which I got it to-go, which came in a small Chinese take-out box - I can hear the guys cooking it up, with some bacon sizzling, with some ingredients being pan-fried, and all the ingredients just coming together.  The macaroni was cooked perfectly al dente - there was so much cheese, but it wasn't salty; the generous amount of bacon gave it that nice salty factor, but just enough to season the mac & cheese perfectly.  There were also roasted cauliflower, sweet green peas, breadcrumbs, some sriracha for a kick, as well as an addition of a homemade bechamel sauce that just made everything come together quite well.  The stop was totally worth it for me, as I love mac and cheese, and I think Le Cheese does it well!  The leftovers even tasted great the next day, so don't fret if you can't finish it (those take-out boxes are deceiving, as a lot can be jampacked in there!).  Staff were super friendly, and there are some seats inside to dine-in.+mac and cheese :D+take-out boxes available+friendly staff
You can never have too much cheese if you ask me and when you are craving some cheesy goodness look no further than Le Cheese.  This little diner is an ode to all the classic cheesy comfort food of your youth.  If you are in the mood for a classic grilled cheese or mac and cheese just like you used to have as a kid then come here for that fix.It is located right on Monkland Ave about a 15 minute walk from the Villa Maria metro.  It is on a quieter section of the street so parking should be pretty easy should you drive.  The place is pretty tiny and I could see where on a weekend seating may be hard to come by.  You order at the counter and your food is brought to you when it is ready.  They make it fresh to order so it might take a few minutes but the wait is worth it!I was starving so I went all out ordering the Cheese Steak in a combo with fries and tomato soup.  I was a little disappointed that there were no tater tots to be seen on the menu especially since other Yelpers have raved so much about them and I was dying for a taste.  This came out to about $19 but it was a ton of food so it was worth the price.The tomato soup was DA BOMB! It is seriously one of the best tomato soups I have ever tasted.  It had a creamy texture and well balanced flavour.  The philly cheese-steak kind of fell flat for me.  If memory serves me it was supposed to have a jalapeno cheese sauce but for something that supposedly contained hot peppers it didn't have much of a spicy kick to it.  The fries were very well seasoned and they had added rosemary for a little extra flavour which added a nice touch.  I also tried a bit of my friend's Batman grilled cheese sandwich which had cheese, bacon, tomatoes and avocado.  All I can say is holy grilled cheese Batman!  It was pretty good and it made me wish I had gotten that instead of the Philly Cheese Steak.Le Cheese is awesome and definitely merits more visits to check out what else they have to offer.  For all the cheese fans out there this is definitely the place to come to satisfy your cravings.
Oh my cheese! After a night of hockey and beers there is no better late night snack (open until 4 am) than Le Cheese. The food is a little pricey but it worth it.Every decadent bite is better than the last. I haven't eaten anything I didn't have to moan after taking my bite. Extra good news the incredible chili is back.If you happen to stumble upon this hole-in-the-wall gem you must have the Mac and cheese with a delicious grilled cheese!
What can I say about Le Cheese?  Definitely one of my favourite places to go in Montreal.  You can pretty much always find me there on Friday night, around 2 AM (that's still counts as Friday night for me!).  Bonus points for being open until 4 AM on Friday and Saturday nights, all year long!Ever since I read about Le Cheese last year, I knew we would hit it off, and boy was I right!  Le Cheese, as the name suggests, specializes in cheesy creations.  Grilled cheese sandwiches of every stripe (all excellent), mac and cheese, cheese infused tomato soup (going on my list of best soups in Montreal), poutine (a relatively recent addition, but still awesome), and deep-fried cheesecake!Many of the menu items are targeted towards omnivorian clientele, however there are plenty of choices for a vegetarian such as myself (even the BATman, Bacon, Avocado, Tomato, which can always be turned into the ATman ;) ).  Just be aware that everything is made on a shared grill, so while your meal can be meat free, there are always some byproducts that get in (grease, fat, oil).The poutine is made with a veggie-based gravy though, and is delicious!Located in a quieter part of Monkland, where you can actually find parking sometimes, right next to Shortbread by Gryphon and the Gryphon Tea Room, it's easy to overlook this semi-suburban block, but don't miss out.  Le Cheese is run by some of the nicest guys I know, the effort, commitment, and passion for their work is evident in everything they do.  I always feel at home when I visit.
Refined casse-croûte in an unpretentious setting.I had the belly bean poutine ($6) consisting of seasoned potato wedge fries, pork belly, curd, and fèves au lard for the sauce. Great mix of spices in the fries. The few pieces of pork belly were more like jerkey. Substituting fèves au lard for gravy was passable. Together the poutine was heavily on the salty side but there were a lot of flavours going on. In comparison, my friend's mac and cheese was extremely bland. For $6, the belly bean poutine is a worthy attempt to create something unpretentiously different. I'd go for it over fast food poutine any day.The price is right, and it humbly distinguishes itself from typical casse-croûtes. Worth a try if you're visiting the Monkland village. Takes card payments.NB: rating based on my poutine only. For me, it's hard for a greasy spoon to get out of the 3-star realm. I'll let my friends review their own dishes.
Nice little hippy looking place, with jenga blocs. I ordered their 1 lb Mac 'N Cheese for 15$. Alright, I was expecting a lot more from a restaurant that serves every item on the menu with cheese. Except...The macaroni was cooked al dente, which is probably the only positive thing I can say about the plate.In terms of presentation, it looked like a mess, as it came in a cardboard box, so the browned cheese was found in lumps here and there instead of covering the pasta/cheese mix. In terms of ingredients, other than the cheddar cheese (I presume) and macaroni, it contained cauliflower and green peas. I'm not sure where they got the idea that cauliflower and green peas would add, in any way, to the classic dish. It might look a little more pleasant, but you know green peas and cauliflower don't taste much right? Whatever their reason, the Mac N Cheese I had probably tasted as good as the cardboard box that contained it. It lacked so much in flavor that even salt, pepper, and their spicy mayo couldn't save it. For this dish, I'm giving it a generous 2/5.However, thank the Lord my friends ordered different items on the menu, including a 6$ (so much more affordable) poutine, which was decadent (see Tony Kangrui L's review), but a bit too salty apparently.What they call tater tots is actually breaded (with mashed potato powder, I suspect) mash, heavy on the cheddar, which tasted very nice next to my whole pound of cardboard-style Mac N Cheese, with green peas and cauliflower.So taking everything into account, I'll rate this an overall 3/5. tl;dr: DONT TAKE THE MAC N CHEESE!!
If you a Mac and Cheese lover then you'll love it here. A little out of the way from the Center of monkland but worth the extra few blocks down. While we were sitting down and enjoying grilled cheese sandwich which I found not too greasy and a good portion. There was a take out order happening for a party. Great idea! And the Mac and cheese bowls are perfect. Also tried the tater tots.. Wow fantastic.. The potatoes and mashed with just enough cheese, fried to perfection. Don't pop the first one in you mouth! You might not burn yourself and not enjoy the rest :)
Had the 1/4lb mac & cheese. The cheese was gooey  with specks of burnt cheese which made part of the mac crunchy. They added green peas and I think a bit of bread crumbs. Although I feel like 6$ is a bit much for what you get I was very happy with the taste.
Let's face it; childhood, or our idea of it is one of the snuggliest places you can sneak back to. This diner makes that visit not only easy but also rewardingly filling. Their classic grilled cheese sandwich has bacon in just the right proportion and is as flat and squishy as your memory of Mom's lunches. The Reuben sandwich had white cheese, pastrami, sauerkraut and a hint of hot mustard.  I wish now that my Mom would have developed that recipe because it really is that good. The tater tots are amazing; crunchy on the outside and dreamily soft and cheesy on the inside.Enough reading about the place, go there now!
3.5 stars: Discovered this food truck as we were wandering around Dorchester Square (they rotate their location daily according to guy taking our order).Out of the 3 trucks parked in the area, this one had a huge line of people swarming so naturally that attracted us to it, to discover that everyone was jumping all over this for their grilled cheese. Classic Grilled Cheese - You can't mess up a grilled cheese, and these guys did not. I was just hoping that it had some special cheese/bread/element to it, but overall it's just a straightforward grilled cheese.The tater tots seem to be something special here that everyone wants to get their hands on. Unfortunately they just ran out at around the 1:00pm when we stepped up to order. I'll be left wondering what was so good since everyone had a look of despair once they realized there was none left.FRIED CHEESECAKE - Probably the savior of our meal. Battered and topped with a strawberry jam based sauce. They also offer Mac and Cheese too sold by the pound in small/med/large takeout style containers.
Still the best tomato soup I've had, but I have to take them down a peg or two for being CLOSED the last 2 times I made the trek in from the West Island just to order some. What a letdown!One time, to me, was an exception, but now that it's been 2 in a row, I wonder if you're still open. I love your food, and I want to buy some, but I can't if your doors are closed. Worse, I'll think twice before coming in next time, likely in favour of a restaurant that keeps consistent hours. I love you guys.... open the doors!
Super cute diner, great vibes, great customer service. The Mac and cheese there is THE Mac and cheese. There is not better Mac and cheese, it is the best Mac and cheese. Get it with bacon. And get the pound.Also, the deep fried cheesecake is quite heavenly.
They serve melted cheese on buttery bread and play roots reggae in the diner. I'm sold.The place is small and casual but well designed with a cute vibe. The menu changes all the time but obviously consists mostly of variations on grilled cheese. Some funky ones I've tried include: burrito grilled cheese, pesto grilled cheese, and drumroll...poutine grilled cheese. So if you're looking for a quick, casual meal or a naughty snack this side of Decarie, Le Cheese is the place to be.
Monkland Village is home to many restaurants and on June 14th, they welcomed a new addition.  Le Cheese Truck, famous for it's amazing Mac n' Cheese opened its doors at 5976 Monkland Avenue.  They have been featured in MTL Blog as one of the best places to get Mac n' Cheese but they also serve amazing grilled cheese sandwiches, tomato soup, tater tots, philly cheese steak sandwiches and chili with curds.  Le Cheese also offers catering for weddings, events and birthday parties.  For more information, check out their Facebook page here or their official website.  Before Le Cheese moved in to this location, the restaurants that were previously located at this spot did not last very long.  I believe Le Cheese will have much better luck and will be breaking this tradition.  Follow them on Twitter to stay updated and don't forget to like their page!  If you try it out, leave some comments and let me know what you thought!  Enjoy!
First ever food truck! After a couple of years hearing about this concept I finally tried one! And this is where my exclamation points end...First, hard to get the guy on the phone to pin point where exactly the truck was. On Victoria at the corner of President Kennedy,  south of Sherbrooke.What he told me: rue du musee near Sherbrooke. ..Secondly, slacker at the front of the truck mumbles and low talks, overcharge me; not impressed.Thirdly, tried their watery tasteless lemonade,  their cheeseless mushy 9$ cheese steak sandwich (nothing like a Phily cheese steak...)Very pricey, hard to find, uninspired food truck left me starving.But at least a Phily Cheese Steak restaurant is opening in october on St-Viateur.  Hope they get it right.
We we're walking along lazily the Annual Monkland Village Street Fair. A motley of food vendors with prevalence of equal denomination, both food trucks and stalls we're available. We had the 'Classique' grilled cheese. I love paper thin pressed sandwiches. Just enough cheese and butter to summarize a great meal.
There's a part of me that thinks if I'm going to get a classic grilled cheese -- I might as well save the $4 and make it at home. But all of the other menu options make this place very worthy of a visit (or several...) You can get a combo that includes classic grilled cheese + tomato soup + drink for $10 or a special sandwich of the day + tater tots + drink for $14. We got one of each and also some Mac and cheese. Oh my the tater tots were so amazing! Both grilled cheese sandwich options were top-notch and the Mac and cheese was delicious (the soup was very good but not something I would personally go out of my way to order again) but we will definitely be back to try other sandwich specials. (In my opinion it's worth it to splurge a bit and get the special sandwich of the day combo since it comes with the tater tots, and the sandwich won't feel too much like something you could have made at home if you weren't feeling lazy.) Next time we'll probably get two special combos (it looks like they have two special sandwich options every day) and a small Mac and cheese to share and we'll be rolled out the door as very happy campers.
Best tater tots of my life, and really nice guys. Perfect late night food Monkland didn't know it needed.
Honeslty the TOTS are to die for!!!We also had the classic wich was whatever it was a bit dry and wasnt cheesy at all.The grilled cheese poutine was good. And tge reuben was so delish!!they make there own french sauce thumbs up!I love this place im so happy they opened an actual store! The food truck is wicked cool but its nice to know they have a location!
Le Cheese - a truck all about cheese and the different ways one can enjoy cheese. On my first visit, saddened by the Fried Cheesecake being sold out (more on that later...), I went for their special of the day - a fried onion, bacon and swiss grilled cheese. A nice size sandwich - the bread had a great grilled crisp exterior and the combo of onions and bacon gave a nice fatty sweetness to the sandwich. The swiss wasn't completely melted to my liking but honestly a minor quibble. Still a great sandwich.As luck would have it, I got the chance to walk by Le Cheese again a few days later when I went back to a final go-through and they had the fried cheesecake still available. 3 mini pieces of cheesecake deep fried and covered with a strawberry coulis. The cheesecake itself was nice and the strawberry coulis added some sweet fruitiness. The batter really had no flavour to speak of but at least it didn't get in the way of the cake. A solid dessert.
Very nice atmosphere, close-ish to the Loyola campus at Concordia. Really like the books they have there. I've traded some and think this is an amazing idea. Would definitely recommend!
On my never ending search for good coffee, stumbled onto this place while in the area visiting a friend. I'm not around the area much, so I wasn't familiar, but it seems it's a pretty popular neighborhood  place! I was very pleased with the double tall late, asked the lady working there to put some extra chocolate on top and she wasn't shy about it, not like one of those places that count every flake of powder. She made it exactly how I wanted it, not how she though it's best, and I just love places that know how to treat a customer. Thanks guys!
I love Café 92, and this is saying a lot because I am a barista and have a hard time handing over the control to someone else when it comes to my caffeinated beverages. I can be quite picky with my espresso and the way that others pull shots, so I usually stick to making my own coffees. Café 92 is, currently, the only café I have been able to find that satisfies my coffee addiction. I have probably gotten 1 Americano that didn't make par (in my standards) - and I have probably got over 100 Americanos there. So like.. Basically perfect coffee served by pretty cool people. Also, I love seeing customers come in and practice their Spanish with the baristas, makes me wish I had the courage to do the same. The staff is so adorable when they all start talking to each other in Spanish reeeeaally fast. Probably just adorable to me because I don't know what they are saying - they are probably talking about clearing tables or cleaning the bathroom, and there I am smiling like an idiot.
Ice Cap is made with ice cream, so its amazing by association. Food is great. Everything is fresh and home made. Breakfast burrito is delicious.
Love the chalk table idea! The staff is always nice when i go, pretty spacious and good drink&food!
Best iced cappuccino!! Very creamy taste, thick and smooth, almost like coffee flavoured smoothie. With a few sprinkles of chocolate power on top. I'm not a coffee drinker but this one makes me feel like I want to go back again! Not that impressed by bakeries, compared with coffee.
Great neighbourhood stop to meet friends have a coffee dessert, soup salad or sandwich, quality is excellent, staff is great, tremendous value and a a really nice terrace on a quiet section of Sherbrooke St W.It's my new go to place for lunch
Cozy little neigbourhood coffee shop. Employees are always smiling, and I have never had trouble getting some space to either read or study. The very large windows make it full of light.
A friend of mine had been raving about Cafe 92's iced cappuccino, I thought to myself, how great could it be? Amazingly delicious and worth raving about!I'll keep this short and sweet....I ordered my iced cap and my first sip was heavenly, yes, heavenly: It was thick and rich thanks to the iced cream in it and it is the perfect consistency. Word of advice, you might want to order it decaf because I was truly wired after drinking it! Definitely strong!A casual, cozy neighborhood spot that I will be coming to again  when I am craving an iced cap.
For a a local cafe near a university campus it doesn't see quite as many students studying as the second cup just down the street. That's my favourite part about Cafe 92, that there's always room that isn't taken up by books and papers and laptops. And the coffee and cakes are great too.
This is a great little local cafe.  The ambiance and decor is very warm and inviting.  Local artists display their art on the walls.  You can even buy the artwork.Large location with comfortable seating and more than enough tables.The service is friendly and helpful, although sometimes a tad slow.  That being said I've never had an unreasonable wait.Their coffee is authentic and great.  It's not all syrups and sugars, its real espresso with proper froth and milk, depending on your coffee of choice.  They also have almond milk if desired.Their food is homemade and local.  It is a tad on the expensive side, but the quality is unrivalled.  The pastries are great, but those are expensive.I enjoy it here.  Never had a bad experience.  Parking isn't always the easiest, but it's not impossible either.I would easily recommend this place!
A great neighbourhood Cafe. Not full of studying students with books everywhere that never free up tables. No, mostly locals. You have to try their soups. They are amazing. The staff is super friendly. I just discovered they have a satellite cafe at Benny pool. Same great food by horrible location.
Best cappucino in town, consistently good! Try the mexican soup on weekends. Love the fresh baked goods.
Friendly n eady going.  Fantastic home made soup.  With a Mexican flair.  Both Maria and  Claudia are  from Mexico City.Try the breakfat omlet sandwich or the special of the day.Free wi fi.Careful about parking on Sherbrooke check reserved bus lane am and pm.
Skip your Starbucks four-scoop frappuccino chip upside-down no-foam diabetic coma, and get a real mocha with dark chocolate shavings and no mystery flavor syrups.The espresso-based drinks here are a must-try alongside the daily home-made cakes and desserts.
I really like this lovely café!! My latte was huge and delicious and even if I did not try anything else, I can tell you that they have a whole range of pastries, cakes and meals that all look decadent. Very close to Loyola campus, there is a lot of seats, some good music and free wi-fi, so it's a great place to study and write your papers. The staff is just so nice!!! I will be back for sure :)
Been here many times over past 3 years as it's close to work. The soups are really good, and the lovely cook/proprietor even sells them in containers for take home. The sandwiches for the most part,are processed meat or cold cuts,neither of which I eat, so I never order them. That being said, however; I always resort to ordering their brie/granny smith apple/toasted almond on a crusty baguette,drizzled with honey... mmmmm. The desserts are standard baked goodies....mainly filling cakes and biscotti. Service is ALWAYS courteous,but can be slow during busy workday lunch hours,and this is all the time. Tea and coffee on the so/so side.Good bet if you're in the neighbourhood.
Love coming here after I've taken my dogs to the dog park  across the street because they always have a "doggy bar" outside (e.i a big bowl of water) which I find really nice.The coffees are uber nice and so are the aguas frescas. The food portions like the quesadilla are tiny and thereby a bit overpriced even though they're done nicely. Will keep returning!
Cute place with friendly staff. Good looks great and its pretty cheap for a cafe. $8-12 for a decent sized lunch with a drink.
Great spot. Good ambience and accommodating staff. Im not a coffee shop kinda guy, and you'll almost never see me order food in one, cafe 92 being the exception. Everything I've tried has been tasty. I recommend the iced cappuccino. The best I've ever had, puts all the others to shame.I am, as previously stated, not a coffee shop enthusiast by any means so my opinion may not be as educated as some, but to me this a four star coffee shop for someone with a two star wallet and a one star appetite (due to the somewhat small portions). Im not a fan of big meals to go with my coffee anyways, I run primarily on caffeine. The meals are still delicious even if some people might expect a little more.
Very nice atmosphere, close-ish to the Loyola campus at Concordia. Really like the books they have there. I've traded some and think this is an amazing idea. Would definitely recommend!
On my never ending search for good coffee, stumbled onto this place while in the area visiting a friend. I'm not around the area much, so I wasn't familiar, but it seems it's a pretty popular neighborhood  place! I was very pleased with the double tall late, asked the lady working there to put some extra chocolate on top and she wasn't shy about it, not like one of those places that count every flake of powder. She made it exactly how I wanted it, not how she though it's best, and I just love places that know how to treat a customer. Thanks guys!
I love Café 92, and this is saying a lot because I am a barista and have a hard time handing over the control to someone else when it comes to my caffeinated beverages. I can be quite picky with my espresso and the way that others pull shots, so I usually stick to making my own coffees. Café 92 is, currently, the only café I have been able to find that satisfies my coffee addiction. I have probably gotten 1 Americano that didn't make par (in my standards) - and I have probably got over 100 Americanos there. So like.. Basically perfect coffee served by pretty cool people. Also, I love seeing customers come in and practice their Spanish with the baristas, makes me wish I had the courage to do the same. The staff is so adorable when they all start talking to each other in Spanish reeeeaally fast. Probably just adorable to me because I don't know what they are saying - they are probably talking about clearing tables or cleaning the bathroom, and there I am smiling like an idiot.
Ice Cap is made with ice cream, so its amazing by association. Food is great. Everything is fresh and home made. Breakfast burrito is delicious.
Love the chalk table idea! The staff is always nice when i go, pretty spacious and good drink&food!
Best iced cappuccino!! Very creamy taste, thick and smooth, almost like coffee flavoured smoothie. With a few sprinkles of chocolate power on top. I'm not a coffee drinker but this one makes me feel like I want to go back again! Not that impressed by bakeries, compared with coffee.
Great neighbourhood stop to meet friends have a coffee dessert, soup salad or sandwich, quality is excellent, staff is great, tremendous value and a a really nice terrace on a quiet section of Sherbrooke St W.It's my new go to place for lunch
Cozy little neigbourhood coffee shop. Employees are always smiling, and I have never had trouble getting some space to either read or study. The very large windows make it full of light.
A friend of mine had been raving about Cafe 92's iced cappuccino, I thought to myself, how great could it be? Amazingly delicious and worth raving about!I'll keep this short and sweet....I ordered my iced cap and my first sip was heavenly, yes, heavenly: It was thick and rich thanks to the iced cream in it and it is the perfect consistency. Word of advice, you might want to order it decaf because I was truly wired after drinking it! Definitely strong!A casual, cozy neighborhood spot that I will be coming to again  when I am craving an iced cap.
For a a local cafe near a university campus it doesn't see quite as many students studying as the second cup just down the street. That's my favourite part about Cafe 92, that there's always room that isn't taken up by books and papers and laptops. And the coffee and cakes are great too.
This is a great little local cafe.  The ambiance and decor is very warm and inviting.  Local artists display their art on the walls.  You can even buy the artwork.Large location with comfortable seating and more than enough tables.The service is friendly and helpful, although sometimes a tad slow.  That being said I've never had an unreasonable wait.Their coffee is authentic and great.  It's not all syrups and sugars, its real espresso with proper froth and milk, depending on your coffee of choice.  They also have almond milk if desired.Their food is homemade and local.  It is a tad on the expensive side, but the quality is unrivalled.  The pastries are great, but those are expensive.I enjoy it here.  Never had a bad experience.  Parking isn't always the easiest, but it's not impossible either.I would easily recommend this place!
A great neighbourhood Cafe. Not full of studying students with books everywhere that never free up tables. No, mostly locals. You have to try their soups. They are amazing. The staff is super friendly. I just discovered they have a satellite cafe at Benny pool. Same great food by horrible location.
Best cappucino in town, consistently good! Try the mexican soup on weekends. Love the fresh baked goods.
Friendly n eady going.  Fantastic home made soup.  With a Mexican flair.  Both Maria and  Claudia are  from Mexico City.Try the breakfat omlet sandwich or the special of the day.Free wi fi.Careful about parking on Sherbrooke check reserved bus lane am and pm.
Skip your Starbucks four-scoop frappuccino chip upside-down no-foam diabetic coma, and get a real mocha with dark chocolate shavings and no mystery flavor syrups.The espresso-based drinks here are a must-try alongside the daily home-made cakes and desserts.
I really like this lovely café!! My latte was huge and delicious and even if I did not try anything else, I can tell you that they have a whole range of pastries, cakes and meals that all look decadent. Very close to Loyola campus, there is a lot of seats, some good music and free wi-fi, so it's a great place to study and write your papers. The staff is just so nice!!! I will be back for sure :)
Been here many times over past 3 years as it's close to work. The soups are really good, and the lovely cook/proprietor even sells them in containers for take home. The sandwiches for the most part,are processed meat or cold cuts,neither of which I eat, so I never order them. That being said, however; I always resort to ordering their brie/granny smith apple/toasted almond on a crusty baguette,drizzled with honey... mmmmm. The desserts are standard baked goodies....mainly filling cakes and biscotti. Service is ALWAYS courteous,but can be slow during busy workday lunch hours,and this is all the time. Tea and coffee on the so/so side.Good bet if you're in the neighbourhood.
Love coming here after I've taken my dogs to the dog park  across the street because they always have a "doggy bar" outside (e.i a big bowl of water) which I find really nice.The coffees are uber nice and so are the aguas frescas. The food portions like the quesadilla are tiny and thereby a bit overpriced even though they're done nicely. Will keep returning!
Cute place with friendly staff. Good looks great and its pretty cheap for a cafe. $8-12 for a decent sized lunch with a drink.
Great spot. Good ambience and accommodating staff. Im not a coffee shop kinda guy, and you'll almost never see me order food in one, cafe 92 being the exception. Everything I've tried has been tasty. I recommend the iced cappuccino. The best I've ever had, puts all the others to shame.I am, as previously stated, not a coffee shop enthusiast by any means so my opinion may not be as educated as some, but to me this a four star coffee shop for someone with a two star wallet and a one star appetite (due to the somewhat small portions). Im not a fan of big meals to go with my coffee anyways, I run primarily on caffeine. The meals are still delicious even if some people might expect a little more.
This is probably my favorite cheese stop in Montreal. Amazing variety! Best way to discover new cheese and learn a little bit of its maker at the same time! You have to stop and try!
Bought some imported Buratta cheese and parmesan and could not be more pleased with the quality. The service is also great and really attentive.
Oh if only we had a cheese shop like this in DC! If you are visiting Montreal DO NOT miss this shop.
Super fromage et super sourire de tout les employer. Demander Lindsay pour un service hors pair
This is as good as cheese gets in Montreal. Cheaper than Val-Mont next door, which competes for fancy cheeses.
A looong time ago, I worked there for about 3 years, and never once did I get sick of their food. That says a lot, as anyone who works in the food industry can attest to. I still regularly dream of and crave:Huevos Rancheros (add bacon!!)The Gershwin (for healthy days)The Monte Cristo (add bacon)MishmashThe potatoes!!The biggest selection of hot sauce you will ever seeThe ambience! The neighbourhood and all the regular customers that still come over the years to make it a great spot. When Leonard Cohen came in and I had to pretend to keep my cool and serve him like any other customer. (For the Lenny fans: He takes an allonge with cream or milk "whatever is closest." And tuna salad on a bagel with slice tomato.) Oh, and Howard, the host/cashier. That guy will keep you occupied and laughing for a full day.
Finally, brunch that lives up to the hype! At the recommendation of others I got the huevos rancheros with bacon and was not disappointed. I wanted to get the challah bread (because I love challah) but forgot to mention that while ordering... it was all okay though because the bagel was great too. Everything had great flavor, and it was huge portions and excellent value. Immediately after finishing my MASSIVE plate of food, the first thing I could think was "Wow that was good. I want to do that again." I didn't think I could finish it all but it was just too delicious.While the food was five stars, I'm only giving four stars because the service was friendly but not particularly attentive. Despite the long line outside, it took our server at least 20 minutes before taking our order, and probably 20 minutes to get our bill after asking for it. Water refills were hard to come by, especially sine we had a seat by the window, which is out of the way of the main area. Regardless, go for the food, you'll leave a happy customer. The decor is also fun and whimsical.
The food is equally as colourful as the decor. One half resembles a diner and the rest is a series of random pieces thrown together which ends up working out.You get some sort of carb with every menu item. I was on the hunt for a killer bagel and chose the St. Viateur with lox, cream cheese, red onion, tomato and capers. The waitress mentioned they get their bagels from Fairmount so it's no surprise it tasted superb!Service was excellent here. The waitress was helpful and listed other places we should check out in the city.
Delicious brunch, and great value! I came here for Sunday brunch, and the atmosphere was super fun, and I liked their weird mishmash of decor. My friend from Montreal took us here, and she tells me that the food is great no matter what she orders!
Bagels Etc is a STAPLE in the Plateau Mont-Royal area. Between the vintage bar vibes and the friendly owner and staff, there are perfect options for anytime, any day of the week. Personal favourites: 1. Regular breakfast with sausage - I find their sausages absolutely amazing for some reason. They are less salty than other breakfast joints. Their potatoes are just boiled then seasoned on the grill so they're not too heavy for the morning. Their challah is SO GOOD - you have to try it! 2. Smoked salmon eggs benedict - As their name suggests, their benedicts are served on bagels instead of English muffins. This combo goes especially well with cream cheese, smoked salmon, poached eggs and hollandaise. Sometimes if I think potatoes may be too much, I sub out the potatoes for fruit at a small fee. 3. French toast sandwich - It's a different name on the menu but basically it's a french toast sandwich with ham and cheese. It's just the ideal mix of sweet and salty. It's pressed so that the cheese is melted... what more can you ask for? Literally my only complaint at Bagels Etc is that their coffee cups are too small but still, given the quality of the food and service, the dainty coffee cups are still not enough to knock off a whole star from the rating.
Excellent plateau brunch option mishmash is great and the tuna sandwich on Black Russian bread is the sleeper win
I love this place! I've been many times and tried many different dishes and it's always great. Most recently, I brought a friend who was visiting from Toronto and he said it was quite possibly the best omelette he's ever eaten. My usual is the deluxe. It's a big meal complete with eggs, toast, AMAZING breakfast potatoes pancakes or French toast and your choice of meat. I get a side salad instead of the meat. The pancakes are super fluffy. Picture a cross between a biscuit and cake. Soo good! The huevos rancheros are also exceptional. Made with a bagel instead of toast or English muffin and it's genius because the bagel is sturdy enough to stand up to the yummy goodness of over easy eggs and homemade salsa verde. Finally, I also get the sweet cheese blintzes as an "appetizer" to share before the meal if I'm feeling super hungry or just super glutonous. The staff and owner are also very friendly which rounds it out to be the best brunch spot in Montreal in my humble opinion.
As far as Montreal breakfasts go, you can't get any more classic than Bagels Etc. As the name implies, and as any true Montreal breakfast spot should know, bagels are the star of the show here. Bagel this, bagel that... this place is bagel crazy. So, that obviously sounds amazing. And now that you've made up your mind to eat here, comes the hard part: what to order? In my humble opinion, the only way to go is with the Huevos Rancheros, with bacon inside. It was recommended to me by the chef about 5 years ago, and I've never looked back. Their mega mish mash also looked amazing, but really, you'll be satisfied no matter what you choose.
I only have the best thngs to say about my trips here. My go-to breakfast diner. The decor here is so unique and a marvel just to look at and their food is so well done. You can keep it simple and cheap by getting their Classique, or you can pay a bit more for some sensational omelletes. If you're hungover from the night before, let me tell you, a walk up here would go a long way towards brightening up your morning (or afternoon). I've got the huevos rancheros- very tasty and a bit of a twist (since it comes on a bagel), the pancakes (with walnuts) were filling, and comes with a side of fruit.
greatest breakfast place is North America... Can't go wrong with the classic, but pretty much everything on the menu is special. Freshly squeezed OJ is a treat if you feel like you derserve it. HOWARD FOR PREZ
Excellent home diner type space with nice array of breakfast choices, calm music, and fantastic staff!
This is the best brunch I've ever had.  And I'm from New York, so that's saying something.  I had the eggs benedict, and it was out of this world.  The orange juice was refreshing and freshly squeezed.  My husband's pancakes were outstanding as well. As for the place itself, the decor is kitschy and colorful - loved it.
Huevos Rancheros. I'd stop writing my review right there in Yelp would allow it. Great variation of eggs benedict with a few varieties of Salsa on top. Small family run vibe, as I believe the owner was working the cash register. Our waitress was great, which made it that much worse that I forgot to leave a tip. Paying at the register, trying to count our Canadian coins out distracted me and I realized later that night that I never left a tip. They don't accept credit cards so bring cash or debit.
We each ordered the classic special ($6.95) which comes with a lot of bacon and you can choose challah bread, or a bagel. The service was really fast and friendly and the ambiance was kitch and fun. Our experience was ruined however by someone who was "training" a seeing eye dog.Now we understand that seeing eye dogs need to be exposed to real-life situations like crowded breakfast bistros, but the dog was very young and at the beginning of its training, and it was humungous. The trainer was errantly chatting, and only intervened every 5 minutes to pull the dog (very forcefully in fact) from under our table. I'm scoring the restaurant poorly because there was no conversation with our table about it, no arrangement of the tables and no reprisal for the dog sniffing my bacon. Provided there is no seeing eye dog in training under your table, you'll enjoy the sparkling hosts, cheap eats and shabby chic digs.
Food was awesome and great for the price... went with 7 other girls for a nice brunch and of course we where a stag party so we were quite loud... we got told to tone it down a bit which i found to be quite annoying .. considering we were just having a good time... server was great... the cashier / owner .. who didn't want to admit he was the owner was very rude... don't know if that is just his personality but i was not happy with the customer service he provided us ... i found him to be a big snob... and if that is his personality or his humor he should change it because its mean to speak rudely to your customers.!Food was awesome and the orders came out super fast!!!! Thanks to the customer who loved our energy and bought us some orange juice shots!
The servers were great but service was a little slow. It was pretty packed and they seem a little bit understaffed. If you love crispy, delicious bacon, you should go to Bagel Etc. I had a standard 2 eggs and meat breakfast but it was really good.A little pricey for breakfast but well worth it.
One of the few places left in montreal to create an  inspiration.. I would Lounge  at the breakfast bar to draw & write. ( I created many  Business plans for new productions there.aka Diary of a lost Circus) It the one venue that helps u take life down a notch. Step back into a time of wild hot Swing and Jazz while you gently sip on your fifth coffee.  Always the first place I go to after a long tour, a welcome home , home .
Went there yesterday for a birthday brunch with 6 other people, table was ready when we arrived, service was excellent, plate preparation was nice and food was very good.  Everyone was satisfied.  I would definitely return.
After walking around Mt. Royal all morning, I went looking for a place that sold breakfast to satisfy my craving for eggs and get ready for another adventure. As soon as I stepped into Bagel Etc, I wanted to put on a 1920s dress and start dancing, The atmosphere transported me to another era with their awesome decor and vintage signage throughout the restaurant. I felt relaxed and felt extremely comfortable in their cozy seats. The server was kind, attentive, and the food was delicious. The ham and cheese omelet I ordered was fluffy and had the filling spilling out; the home fries were seasoned to perfection and were the perfect accompaniment to its eggy companion. Visit Bagel Etc! You won't be disappointed :)
Maybe it's because I had really high expectations that I was let down. I read all the great reviews by other yelpers and couldn't wait to try this place. There's only one word to describe it: bad. I went there yesterday with my sister for brunch. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my sister ordered the salty crepes. My plate wasn't so bad, but still mediocre. The crepes were absolutely disgusting! The crepes were too sweet and the filling (chicken and spinach) was flat and soggy. I tried it and couldn't swallow what I ate. The only reason I gave them the second star is because the service was very relaxed and easy going; i liked that.
A looong time ago, I worked there for about 3 years, and never once did I get sick of their food. That says a lot, as anyone who works in the food industry can attest to. I still regularly dream of and crave:Huevos Rancheros (add bacon!!)The Gershwin (for healthy days)The Monte Cristo (add bacon)MishmashThe potatoes!!The biggest selection of hot sauce you will ever seeThe ambience! The neighbourhood and all the regular customers that still come over the years to make it a great spot. When Leonard Cohen came in and I had to pretend to keep my cool and serve him like any other customer. (For the Lenny fans: He takes an allonge with cream or milk "whatever is closest." And tuna salad on a bagel with slice tomato.) Oh, and Howard, the host/cashier. That guy will keep you occupied and laughing for a full day.
Finally, brunch that lives up to the hype! At the recommendation of others I got the huevos rancheros with bacon and was not disappointed. I wanted to get the challah bread (because I love challah) but forgot to mention that while ordering... it was all okay though because the bagel was great too. Everything had great flavor, and it was huge portions and excellent value. Immediately after finishing my MASSIVE plate of food, the first thing I could think was "Wow that was good. I want to do that again." I didn't think I could finish it all but it was just too delicious.While the food was five stars, I'm only giving four stars because the service was friendly but not particularly attentive. Despite the long line outside, it took our server at least 20 minutes before taking our order, and probably 20 minutes to get our bill after asking for it. Water refills were hard to come by, especially sine we had a seat by the window, which is out of the way of the main area. Regardless, go for the food, you'll leave a happy customer. The decor is also fun and whimsical.
The food is equally as colourful as the decor. One half resembles a diner and the rest is a series of random pieces thrown together which ends up working out.You get some sort of carb with every menu item. I was on the hunt for a killer bagel and chose the St. Viateur with lox, cream cheese, red onion, tomato and capers. The waitress mentioned they get their bagels from Fairmount so it's no surprise it tasted superb!Service was excellent here. The waitress was helpful and listed other places we should check out in the city.
Delicious brunch, and great value! I came here for Sunday brunch, and the atmosphere was super fun, and I liked their weird mishmash of decor. My friend from Montreal took us here, and she tells me that the food is great no matter what she orders!
Bagels Etc is a STAPLE in the Plateau Mont-Royal area. Between the vintage bar vibes and the friendly owner and staff, there are perfect options for anytime, any day of the week. Personal favourites: 1. Regular breakfast with sausage - I find their sausages absolutely amazing for some reason. They are less salty than other breakfast joints. Their potatoes are just boiled then seasoned on the grill so they're not too heavy for the morning. Their challah is SO GOOD - you have to try it! 2. Smoked salmon eggs benedict - As their name suggests, their benedicts are served on bagels instead of English muffins. This combo goes especially well with cream cheese, smoked salmon, poached eggs and hollandaise. Sometimes if I think potatoes may be too much, I sub out the potatoes for fruit at a small fee. 3. French toast sandwich - It's a different name on the menu but basically it's a french toast sandwich with ham and cheese. It's just the ideal mix of sweet and salty. It's pressed so that the cheese is melted... what more can you ask for? Literally my only complaint at Bagels Etc is that their coffee cups are too small but still, given the quality of the food and service, the dainty coffee cups are still not enough to knock off a whole star from the rating.
Excellent plateau brunch option mishmash is great and the tuna sandwich on Black Russian bread is the sleeper win
I love this place! I've been many times and tried many different dishes and it's always great. Most recently, I brought a friend who was visiting from Toronto and he said it was quite possibly the best omelette he's ever eaten. My usual is the deluxe. It's a big meal complete with eggs, toast, AMAZING breakfast potatoes pancakes or French toast and your choice of meat. I get a side salad instead of the meat. The pancakes are super fluffy. Picture a cross between a biscuit and cake. Soo good! The huevos rancheros are also exceptional. Made with a bagel instead of toast or English muffin and it's genius because the bagel is sturdy enough to stand up to the yummy goodness of over easy eggs and homemade salsa verde. Finally, I also get the sweet cheese blintzes as an "appetizer" to share before the meal if I'm feeling super hungry or just super glutonous. The staff and owner are also very friendly which rounds it out to be the best brunch spot in Montreal in my humble opinion.
As far as Montreal breakfasts go, you can't get any more classic than Bagels Etc. As the name implies, and as any true Montreal breakfast spot should know, bagels are the star of the show here. Bagel this, bagel that... this place is bagel crazy. So, that obviously sounds amazing. And now that you've made up your mind to eat here, comes the hard part: what to order? In my humble opinion, the only way to go is with the Huevos Rancheros, with bacon inside. It was recommended to me by the chef about 5 years ago, and I've never looked back. Their mega mish mash also looked amazing, but really, you'll be satisfied no matter what you choose.
I only have the best thngs to say about my trips here. My go-to breakfast diner. The decor here is so unique and a marvel just to look at and their food is so well done. You can keep it simple and cheap by getting their Classique, or you can pay a bit more for some sensational omelletes. If you're hungover from the night before, let me tell you, a walk up here would go a long way towards brightening up your morning (or afternoon). I've got the huevos rancheros- very tasty and a bit of a twist (since it comes on a bagel), the pancakes (with walnuts) were filling, and comes with a side of fruit.
greatest breakfast place is North America... Can't go wrong with the classic, but pretty much everything on the menu is special. Freshly squeezed OJ is a treat if you feel like you derserve it. HOWARD FOR PREZ
Excellent home diner type space with nice array of breakfast choices, calm music, and fantastic staff!
This is the best brunch I've ever had.  And I'm from New York, so that's saying something.  I had the eggs benedict, and it was out of this world.  The orange juice was refreshing and freshly squeezed.  My husband's pancakes were outstanding as well. As for the place itself, the decor is kitschy and colorful - loved it.
Huevos Rancheros. I'd stop writing my review right there in Yelp would allow it. Great variation of eggs benedict with a few varieties of Salsa on top. Small family run vibe, as I believe the owner was working the cash register. Our waitress was great, which made it that much worse that I forgot to leave a tip. Paying at the register, trying to count our Canadian coins out distracted me and I realized later that night that I never left a tip. They don't accept credit cards so bring cash or debit.
We each ordered the classic special ($6.95) which comes with a lot of bacon and you can choose challah bread, or a bagel. The service was really fast and friendly and the ambiance was kitch and fun. Our experience was ruined however by someone who was "training" a seeing eye dog.Now we understand that seeing eye dogs need to be exposed to real-life situations like crowded breakfast bistros, but the dog was very young and at the beginning of its training, and it was humungous. The trainer was errantly chatting, and only intervened every 5 minutes to pull the dog (very forcefully in fact) from under our table. I'm scoring the restaurant poorly because there was no conversation with our table about it, no arrangement of the tables and no reprisal for the dog sniffing my bacon. Provided there is no seeing eye dog in training under your table, you'll enjoy the sparkling hosts, cheap eats and shabby chic digs.
Food was awesome and great for the price... went with 7 other girls for a nice brunch and of course we where a stag party so we were quite loud... we got told to tone it down a bit which i found to be quite annoying .. considering we were just having a good time... server was great... the cashier / owner .. who didn't want to admit he was the owner was very rude... don't know if that is just his personality but i was not happy with the customer service he provided us ... i found him to be a big snob... and if that is his personality or his humor he should change it because its mean to speak rudely to your customers.!Food was awesome and the orders came out super fast!!!! Thanks to the customer who loved our energy and bought us some orange juice shots!
The servers were great but service was a little slow. It was pretty packed and they seem a little bit understaffed. If you love crispy, delicious bacon, you should go to Bagel Etc. I had a standard 2 eggs and meat breakfast but it was really good.A little pricey for breakfast but well worth it.
One of the few places left in montreal to create an  inspiration.. I would Lounge  at the breakfast bar to draw & write. ( I created many  Business plans for new productions there.aka Diary of a lost Circus) It the one venue that helps u take life down a notch. Step back into a time of wild hot Swing and Jazz while you gently sip on your fifth coffee.  Always the first place I go to after a long tour, a welcome home , home .
Went there yesterday for a birthday brunch with 6 other people, table was ready when we arrived, service was excellent, plate preparation was nice and food was very good.  Everyone was satisfied.  I would definitely return.
After walking around Mt. Royal all morning, I went looking for a place that sold breakfast to satisfy my craving for eggs and get ready for another adventure. As soon as I stepped into Bagel Etc, I wanted to put on a 1920s dress and start dancing, The atmosphere transported me to another era with their awesome decor and vintage signage throughout the restaurant. I felt relaxed and felt extremely comfortable in their cozy seats. The server was kind, attentive, and the food was delicious. The ham and cheese omelet I ordered was fluffy and had the filling spilling out; the home fries were seasoned to perfection and were the perfect accompaniment to its eggy companion. Visit Bagel Etc! You won't be disappointed :)
Maybe it's because I had really high expectations that I was let down. I read all the great reviews by other yelpers and couldn't wait to try this place. There's only one word to describe it: bad. I went there yesterday with my sister for brunch. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my sister ordered the salty crepes. My plate wasn't so bad, but still mediocre. The crepes were absolutely disgusting! The crepes were too sweet and the filling (chicken and spinach) was flat and soggy. I tried it and couldn't swallow what I ate. The only reason I gave them the second star is because the service was very relaxed and easy going; i liked that.
A looong time ago, I worked there for about 3 years, and never once did I get sick of their food. That says a lot, as anyone who works in the food industry can attest to. I still regularly dream of and crave:Huevos Rancheros (add bacon!!)The Gershwin (for healthy days)The Monte Cristo (add bacon)MishmashThe potatoes!!The biggest selection of hot sauce you will ever seeThe ambience! The neighbourhood and all the regular customers that still come over the years to make it a great spot. When Leonard Cohen came in and I had to pretend to keep my cool and serve him like any other customer. (For the Lenny fans: He takes an allonge with cream or milk "whatever is closest." And tuna salad on a bagel with slice tomato.) Oh, and Howard, the host/cashier. That guy will keep you occupied and laughing for a full day.
Finally, brunch that lives up to the hype! At the recommendation of others I got the huevos rancheros with bacon and was not disappointed. I wanted to get the challah bread (because I love challah) but forgot to mention that while ordering... it was all okay though because the bagel was great too. Everything had great flavor, and it was huge portions and excellent value. Immediately after finishing my MASSIVE plate of food, the first thing I could think was "Wow that was good. I want to do that again." I didn't think I could finish it all but it was just too delicious.While the food was five stars, I'm only giving four stars because the service was friendly but not particularly attentive. Despite the long line outside, it took our server at least 20 minutes before taking our order, and probably 20 minutes to get our bill after asking for it. Water refills were hard to come by, especially sine we had a seat by the window, which is out of the way of the main area. Regardless, go for the food, you'll leave a happy customer. The decor is also fun and whimsical.
The food is equally as colourful as the decor. One half resembles a diner and the rest is a series of random pieces thrown together which ends up working out.You get some sort of carb with every menu item. I was on the hunt for a killer bagel and chose the St. Viateur with lox, cream cheese, red onion, tomato and capers. The waitress mentioned they get their bagels from Fairmount so it's no surprise it tasted superb!Service was excellent here. The waitress was helpful and listed other places we should check out in the city.
Delicious brunch, and great value! I came here for Sunday brunch, and the atmosphere was super fun, and I liked their weird mishmash of decor. My friend from Montreal took us here, and she tells me that the food is great no matter what she orders!
Bagels Etc is a STAPLE in the Plateau Mont-Royal area. Between the vintage bar vibes and the friendly owner and staff, there are perfect options for anytime, any day of the week. Personal favourites: 1. Regular breakfast with sausage - I find their sausages absolutely amazing for some reason. They are less salty than other breakfast joints. Their potatoes are just boiled then seasoned on the grill so they're not too heavy for the morning. Their challah is SO GOOD - you have to try it! 2. Smoked salmon eggs benedict - As their name suggests, their benedicts are served on bagels instead of English muffins. This combo goes especially well with cream cheese, smoked salmon, poached eggs and hollandaise. Sometimes if I think potatoes may be too much, I sub out the potatoes for fruit at a small fee. 3. French toast sandwich - It's a different name on the menu but basically it's a french toast sandwich with ham and cheese. It's just the ideal mix of sweet and salty. It's pressed so that the cheese is melted... what more can you ask for? Literally my only complaint at Bagels Etc is that their coffee cups are too small but still, given the quality of the food and service, the dainty coffee cups are still not enough to knock off a whole star from the rating.
Excellent plateau brunch option mishmash is great and the tuna sandwich on Black Russian bread is the sleeper win
I love this place! I've been many times and tried many different dishes and it's always great. Most recently, I brought a friend who was visiting from Toronto and he said it was quite possibly the best omelette he's ever eaten. My usual is the deluxe. It's a big meal complete with eggs, toast, AMAZING breakfast potatoes pancakes or French toast and your choice of meat. I get a side salad instead of the meat. The pancakes are super fluffy. Picture a cross between a biscuit and cake. Soo good! The huevos rancheros are also exceptional. Made with a bagel instead of toast or English muffin and it's genius because the bagel is sturdy enough to stand up to the yummy goodness of over easy eggs and homemade salsa verde. Finally, I also get the sweet cheese blintzes as an "appetizer" to share before the meal if I'm feeling super hungry or just super glutonous. The staff and owner are also very friendly which rounds it out to be the best brunch spot in Montreal in my humble opinion.
As far as Montreal breakfasts go, you can't get any more classic than Bagels Etc. As the name implies, and as any true Montreal breakfast spot should know, bagels are the star of the show here. Bagel this, bagel that... this place is bagel crazy. So, that obviously sounds amazing. And now that you've made up your mind to eat here, comes the hard part: what to order? In my humble opinion, the only way to go is with the Huevos Rancheros, with bacon inside. It was recommended to me by the chef about 5 years ago, and I've never looked back. Their mega mish mash also looked amazing, but really, you'll be satisfied no matter what you choose.
I only have the best thngs to say about my trips here. My go-to breakfast diner. The decor here is so unique and a marvel just to look at and their food is so well done. You can keep it simple and cheap by getting their Classique, or you can pay a bit more for some sensational omelletes. If you're hungover from the night before, let me tell you, a walk up here would go a long way towards brightening up your morning (or afternoon). I've got the huevos rancheros- very tasty and a bit of a twist (since it comes on a bagel), the pancakes (with walnuts) were filling, and comes with a side of fruit.
greatest breakfast place is North America... Can't go wrong with the classic, but pretty much everything on the menu is special. Freshly squeezed OJ is a treat if you feel like you derserve it. HOWARD FOR PREZ
Excellent home diner type space with nice array of breakfast choices, calm music, and fantastic staff!
This is the best brunch I've ever had.  And I'm from New York, so that's saying something.  I had the eggs benedict, and it was out of this world.  The orange juice was refreshing and freshly squeezed.  My husband's pancakes were outstanding as well. As for the place itself, the decor is kitschy and colorful - loved it.
Huevos Rancheros. I'd stop writing my review right there in Yelp would allow it. Great variation of eggs benedict with a few varieties of Salsa on top. Small family run vibe, as I believe the owner was working the cash register. Our waitress was great, which made it that much worse that I forgot to leave a tip. Paying at the register, trying to count our Canadian coins out distracted me and I realized later that night that I never left a tip. They don't accept credit cards so bring cash or debit.
We each ordered the classic special ($6.95) which comes with a lot of bacon and you can choose challah bread, or a bagel. The service was really fast and friendly and the ambiance was kitch and fun. Our experience was ruined however by someone who was "training" a seeing eye dog.Now we understand that seeing eye dogs need to be exposed to real-life situations like crowded breakfast bistros, but the dog was very young and at the beginning of its training, and it was humungous. The trainer was errantly chatting, and only intervened every 5 minutes to pull the dog (very forcefully in fact) from under our table. I'm scoring the restaurant poorly because there was no conversation with our table about it, no arrangement of the tables and no reprisal for the dog sniffing my bacon. Provided there is no seeing eye dog in training under your table, you'll enjoy the sparkling hosts, cheap eats and shabby chic digs.
Food was awesome and great for the price... went with 7 other girls for a nice brunch and of course we where a stag party so we were quite loud... we got told to tone it down a bit which i found to be quite annoying .. considering we were just having a good time... server was great... the cashier / owner .. who didn't want to admit he was the owner was very rude... don't know if that is just his personality but i was not happy with the customer service he provided us ... i found him to be a big snob... and if that is his personality or his humor he should change it because its mean to speak rudely to your customers.!Food was awesome and the orders came out super fast!!!! Thanks to the customer who loved our energy and bought us some orange juice shots!
The servers were great but service was a little slow. It was pretty packed and they seem a little bit understaffed. If you love crispy, delicious bacon, you should go to Bagel Etc. I had a standard 2 eggs and meat breakfast but it was really good.A little pricey for breakfast but well worth it.
One of the few places left in montreal to create an  inspiration.. I would Lounge  at the breakfast bar to draw & write. ( I created many  Business plans for new productions there.aka Diary of a lost Circus) It the one venue that helps u take life down a notch. Step back into a time of wild hot Swing and Jazz while you gently sip on your fifth coffee.  Always the first place I go to after a long tour, a welcome home , home .
Went there yesterday for a birthday brunch with 6 other people, table was ready when we arrived, service was excellent, plate preparation was nice and food was very good.  Everyone was satisfied.  I would definitely return.
After walking around Mt. Royal all morning, I went looking for a place that sold breakfast to satisfy my craving for eggs and get ready for another adventure. As soon as I stepped into Bagel Etc, I wanted to put on a 1920s dress and start dancing, The atmosphere transported me to another era with their awesome decor and vintage signage throughout the restaurant. I felt relaxed and felt extremely comfortable in their cozy seats. The server was kind, attentive, and the food was delicious. The ham and cheese omelet I ordered was fluffy and had the filling spilling out; the home fries were seasoned to perfection and were the perfect accompaniment to its eggy companion. Visit Bagel Etc! You won't be disappointed :)
Maybe it's because I had really high expectations that I was let down. I read all the great reviews by other yelpers and couldn't wait to try this place. There's only one word to describe it: bad. I went there yesterday with my sister for brunch. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my sister ordered the salty crepes. My plate wasn't so bad, but still mediocre. The crepes were absolutely disgusting! The crepes were too sweet and the filling (chicken and spinach) was flat and soggy. I tried it and couldn't swallow what I ate. The only reason I gave them the second star is because the service was very relaxed and easy going; i liked that.
It was amusing to find an Indophile place close to the loft we'd rented. We searched on Yelp and Google for veggie food and this came up and we decided to check it out. Food wasn't that great - we got a couple of wraps with baba ganoush and one of their home-made pates. The guy who made it was real nice, so we didn't want to walk away without ordering anything.
This is the best farmer's market I have ever been to.It is huge and the vendors have every type of vegetable and fruit imaginable. Even some you've probably never heard of, in colors you've never seen before!Every item was vibrant. We had some samples of fruit and they were all sweet and juicy. We didn't try one thing that we didn't like.The prices were not exorbitant either. Well worth the quality. If I lived in the area, I would eat way more fruits and vegetables. It is really so different than the produce here in the U.S.There also some cooked food stands and plenty of maple items.A must visit if you're in the area.
Jean-Talon market is an indoor farmers market that features a variety of different merchants, all under one 'roof.'  Whether you're looking for baked goods, maple syrup, honey, meats, eggs, cheeses, fresh seafood, fruits, vegetables, or flowers, this could be a one-stop-shop!  Open early in the mornings, just note that not all merchants open at the same time.  Usually the produce are readily available, but the specialty shops open a little later, closer to the 10-11AM range.  My favorites include the Wawel Patisserie for their prune-filled doughnuts, the sorbettos from the Havres-Aux-Glaces, the spices from the Épices de Cru, and the sheep's milk cheeses from La Moutonniere.  The staff are all friendly and welcoming and are more than happy to answer any of your questions.  There are also some picnic tables inside to enjoy your treats.  Free wi-fi is also available!+indoor farmers market+free wi-fi
Visted on a Sunday in February. Lots of families getting produce, etc. but it wasn't so crowded that we couldn't navigate. The produce looked better than any conventional offered in chain stores back home. And some of it WAS grown back home!We found some tasty macarons, very fresh...And a fabulous spice shop that sold both whole dried mango AND Dukkha!Spend an hour or the afternoon. Just go...
We checked out this market as our last stop during our trip to Montreal and were glad to have visited. The market is nicely organized, and the parking was both convenient and cheap which was a plus. We mostly wandered around checking out the produce stands, which seemed affordable, and the food stands, which ranged from cheeses and meats to baked goods and maple syrup confections. We grabbed multiple small bites and enjoyed all of them: a tasty beef and olive empanada, some pork and bean tacos, a juicy spicy sausage sandwich with mustard and sauerkraut, and an interesting tapioca and potato fritter (sago vada).
Fabulous market. We went on a cold February day and it was still awesome. I have never been here in the summer but, from the looks of the area, there are almost certainly a lot more outdoor booths, etc.Go to a similar market in the US and then go to Marche Jean-Talon and you will realize one thing: Americans live to work and the Quebecois work to live. The foods here are just tastier, fresher, and presented by people who obviously love food and life.The mangoes... In the US Midwest where I live, mangoes suck. I just don't buy them anymore. They are picked way before they are ripe and then they never ripe - they go from non-ripe to rotten, skipping the ripe, delicious, soft, sweet, yellow stage. Here, the mangoes are already at that stage.The pates, smoked salmon, crepes, etc. are all far superior to what I am used to in the States. Why? Because the customers here work to live and expect better.
Even in the dead of winter, Marche Jean-Talon was full of great produce and other items. I imagine it's positively overflowing with fresh goodness during the spring and summer.My bf and I had heard that Marche Jean-Talon was a great place to go for some Canadian cheese and charcuterie -- yep, we're foodie nerds -- so we trudged in the snow to this market. The local bounty was overflowing! We perused many of the stands and ended up buying cheese from Fromagerie Qui Lait Cru and meat from Les Cochons Tout Ronds that we then enjoyed at a small table at the front of the market. We had our own winter picnic!And along with food, we perused and bought some kitchen goods from Cuizin and a cookbook from Librairie Gourmande. Marche Jean-Talon also sells fresh-cut flowers, herbs, vegetables, fruit and other souvenirs. And we loved how it was chock full of Québécois goodies, in particular. This is a must-visit for locals and tourists.
Marche Jean-Talon (Jean Talon Market) is definitely the place to go as it is a bit more off the beaten path in Montreal. Take a car (or Uber/taxi over), but make sure to take your time and be patient with your English here! Marche Jean Talone is worth it. Upon entering the shop, you see it is an open air market with lots of vendors who are selling their goods to people. The vegetables look fresh and quite good, and the prices are good if you are looking for some produce. We went to a few of the local shops in the Marche Jean-Talone. We first went ot Havre aux Glaces, which serves the best ice cream (French: glaces) and sorbets. You can ask to sample, but I went with my default pistachio and honestly, the cream of this ice cream is the best. Out of the back, we went to Premiere Moison, which is a great boulangerie! So many pastries, cheeses, quiches, and sandwiches. It made me really feel like I was in France. When arriving there, grab your number from the dispenser, but be aggressive at the counter when your number is called. But the service at Premiere Moison is seriously spot on, the lady behind the counter me was so patient as I was overwhelmed with the options, and dealt with my non-existent French. We also went to La Boite Aux Huitres, which is a little seafood corner inside the market. The people we interacted with seemed to be anglophones in Canada as they seemed to default to English for us, but we got oysters ($2CAN), which were DELICIOUS. Fresh, quick lemon wedge, that's all one needs. Overall, Marche Jean Talon is the place to go in Montreal if you really want to experience a true Quebecois kind of market where real French-Canadians go. I would say sure, the language barrier can be a bit intimidating, but if you sprinkle in a bonjour, merci, and si vous plait, it is truly appreciated and the service is good. I love this place and will definitely highly recommend it for others to visit on a trip to Montreal.
Here's the Montreal wrap-up review. Pre-flight Sunday funday took place at Marche Jean-Talon, a foodie smorgasbord of delightful delicacies sure to fancy and titillate the best Yelpers amongst us. Unlike the enclosed markets in the States (Chelsea Market, Ferry Market, and the like), Montreal's Marche Jean-Talon is open air, more European-leaning than American.Our motley crew bought this and that and snacked as desired, with many various shops, cuisines, and stations to choose from. Fresh fruits, fresh pastries, fresh uni, all went down the hatch. I wouldn't have minded a few more hours here and few less hitting the bottle, but alas, that will have to be a helpful tip for time next.
Having grown up in a culture that loves open air markets, this particular market has a special place in my heart.This afternoon we took the train to this market on the recommendation of a friend. When we arrived we were not dissapointed with the experience and actually loved wandering the whole market. This particular market reminds me of a mix between Haymarket in Boston and the types of markets you would visit in Portugal.Some of the highlights were as follows; fresh fruit, fresh produce, diverse cuisine, an incredible selection of meats and cheeses as well as a raw bar which made my afternoon after eating some freshly shucked oysters.In the end, don't miss out on this incredible market!
Came here on a Sunday afternoon. The market place is filled with a diverse selection of foods, drinks, fresh flowers, and shops surrounding the market.Some of the food at the food stands consisted of crepes, samosas, baklava, different kinds of desserts, an oyster stand, Vietnamese style spring/summer rolls, and more. Their unique blend of cultures was refreshing to see. Most of the attendants spoke English and they were all friendly. Most places were CASH ONLY. We ordered some cured meats and took them to go-they were absolutely delicious. They also let us sample a few of their dried sausages and salamis. We tried a little bit of everything!I think I was most fascinated and amazed by their fresh fruits and veggies. They sold fruit that tasted like they were dipped in honey. Everything tasted so sweet! They had free samples out, and I literally wanted to buy everything. It was a great day to explore and try new things. I would definitely recommend this place to newcomers!
Finally back again to Marche Jean-Talon on a nice sunny Summer day.Fresh Seasonal Vegetables and Fruits! Free samples available and the tomatoes just so sweet! Great place to pick up some prepared food for picnic or some fresh vegetables for cooking.Tacos? Oysters?Cured Meat?Goat Cheese?Mushrooms?Everything so fresh! I wish I can come shopping here everyday!
Beautiful farmers market with everything you want. THe fruits and vegetables are very fresh, and samples abound! We got lobster mushrooms -mushrooms that have an orange coating and smelled like lobster. We sauteed it with butter and a little bit of scallions -delicious!Also picked up some beautiful plums. Most places don't accept credit cards, so bring cash!
Thee best farmers market I have ever been to! We need these in the US! I would definitely make this a definite stop on the trip for you all coming to Montréal.
This 3-star review is purely based on options to eat. Went to Atwater last night and this one today. Between the two, Atwater had many more meat options. This one seems to have a larger produce selection. Either one, surprisingly, was disappointing when it comes to grabbing little bites to eat then and there. So don't plan a filling lunch in this market.
After hearing so much about Marche Jean-Talon as a must see place in Montreal, I finally decided to check the place out.  I must say I was slightly disappointed.  The place offers produce, dairy products, flowers, nuts and meat.  There are a lot of merchant stands, but most of them offer exactly the same kinds of produce or whatever else they are selling, so it lacks variety.There is a stand selling handmade soaps, wool socks and other handmade things, I though that one spot was charming.  But for the rest of it, I personally wouldn't call Jean-Talon a destination you have to visit when in Montreal. They have some restaurants in the market, I was happy to grab a vegan crepe! It's good to have the option. Overall, I was not impressed.
This was one of my favorite stops in Montreal. The vendors have all manner of fresh produce as well as a lot of meats, cheeses, herbs, maple products, and breads.A must see for any visitor to Montreal - you will drop very little cash and leave with loads of goodies. We got a lot of cherries and strawberries which were locally grown and soooooo good. We also picked up some macarons, cheeses, and sorbet while we walked around the market. Many types of beautiful, colorful produce is available (at least when we stopped by in August!) and usually quite affordable, so make sure to stop here next time you're in Montreal!
Best market in the country. You can make connections with the people who grow your food, find heirloom herbs, the freshest produce and foraged vegetables and mushrooms. I miss it every day but understand there will never be an equivalent in Toronto because no one cares about their food like the French.
Supposedly the largest outdoor market in North America.  If you go early,  aro 9:30 or 10 am,  you'll miss the tour groups.Wonderful fruits,  vegetables, cured meats,  honey,  flowers,  herbs, exotic desserts and other stuff.
Jean Talon Marches (Jean Talon Market) is one of the public markets in Montreal. It is easy to get to by the Metro. Just get off at Station Jean Talon and you are there! Here you will find a wide selection fresh local produces, cultures and cuisines, regional food like maple syrups, foie gras, cheeses, butchers, fresh shucked oysters and other specialty shops.Jean Talon Marches reminds me a lot of Granville Island Public Markets. We loved wandering thru the whole market. All the beautiful colors of fruits and vegetables. We brought a few apples - one to eat there and some to bring back to the hotel. It kills me when I'm on vacation and can't get any fruits.Qui Lait Cru!?! Has really awesome grilled cheese and lots of cheeses for sale.If you are looking for things to do and see in Montreal. Add Jean Talon to your list! Even if you aren't a visitor and is looking for something different to do, this is the place. Jean Talon Market is also a great place to practice your photography skills and get some inspirations.A lot of places is Cash Only.
This market is amazing for veggie shopping and browsing.  This is probably not a good place for lunch or dinner as mainly groceries and snack foods.  There are restaurants nearby however that offer many different fares
Fresh fruit and vegetables with reasonable prices and friendly people! I would come back here every day if only I lived closer. A great place!
Definitely the best market in Montreal. You will find everything you need and want there from a huge variety of cheeses till the differents spices from everywhere
What else is left to be said of this place that hasn't already been covered? If you like being around a lot of people while you buy produce then this is the place to be. If you like to wheel and deal.. same deal. Lots of options. Lots of food. Not necessarily cheap but hey... you get what you pay for. Lots of small businesses you can buy from too but I haven't bothered.
This place was the most fun and amazing stop through out my whole visit in Montreal. I loved it here. The seafood, the meats, the flowers and vegetable.... everything you would ever want to cook or consume in one spot. the place was big enough to just walk around and get lost in the aromas. I love the fact the some vendors let you sample as much as you want, everyone was so nice and all the vendors even spoke highly of each other. If i ever come back to Montreal it would be for this location.
OK - so I'm a market junkie but this place was amazing.  Everything was so delicious looking, and you can get practically anything you want from the food stalls:  vegetables, fruit, oysters, macaroons, cheese, chocolate, fresh bread, seafood, herbs, soaps, coffee, charcuterie, condiments.  Some of the stalls were serving tastes of their produce - tomatoes, mangos, cucumbers, apples, Mon Dieu!  All were so delicious and fresh, surprising for September in Montreal.  We wandered from stall to stall for a couple of hours, grazing and tasting everything.  This is a great place to visit while you are in Montreal to "go as a local" and get past the tourist stores in the old Quarter.
I don't know what it is...for some reason I'm just okay with it. And for tourist, definitely worth a visit. But after the first visit...the amount of stalls vs. variety is a bit lacking. Why so many stalls all selling the same thing? Are they all different farmers? I can't tell. Even more depressing, I don't really care. Whereas at other farmers markets, I care and love to know more about their farms.And for some reason, the stalls are surprisingly at times more expensive than the brick and mortar places there. And it's not like they make up for it in quality. Seems all about the same.
I was raised in Montreal, and lived there for many, many years.  Our last home in Montreal was about 3 blocks from the market.  Open year round, with produce from local farmers in the area, you could walk there and get a basket of apples, tomatoes in a 5 pound sack, potatoes, zucchini and just about any herb in season, all for under $10 a bucket.  In my current city of Edmonton, prices are getting well over $10 for smaller portions.Everything was vibrant, fresh and flavour-rich.  The sheer volume of very, very precise and informed shoppers in an older city like YUL, also being right in the heart of Little Italy, means that nothing less than excellent produce would even be accepted.  Anything less would get a few choice words from the lovely little old ladies shopping for their next sauce or salad.  If you serve anything less than great food to their families, they'll hear about it and in turn the vendors will hear about it too, loudly!There are a lot of shops that surround the area, they open their back doors to allow customers to wander in from the market tents.  They all contribute to a wonderful experience and variety of products that you can't really find in a pop-up market.  For the products and relationships to develop, you need time and a home to settle in.  For these reasons, the Marché Jean-Talon has it going on.  Better prices for produce than almost anywhere in the country, and I would know having been almost all the way across it.  The cheese selection alone is enough to make you go bankrupt on your first visit.If you love food, live nearby and want to improve the quality of your family's meals, then make regular visits to the market.  Support the locals and the farmers and nourish your family's palate for really good ingredients.  Teach them what acceptable food tastes like and never to settle on taste.Pay it a visit, it may not be the most exciting tourist stop, but the people there on a bust day will be worth the trip.  Cultures, smells and sounds will surprisingly linger in your memories of your trip there, and they will leave you missing it if you move away.  These are things that we need to hold on to as a society, these institutions can't be bought or sold, they are built by people over generations.I love this city.
I love love loved every minute of being here! Highly recommended if you are in Montreal! Take cash because a lot of the places only take cash no credit or debit cards, but ATM's are available on site.
One of the best markets I've ever been to, period. Gorgeous, clean, affordable. This market is the perfect symbiosis of being a tourist friendly place that locals can also appreciate. Load up on your french (canadian) goodies or make a nice dinner at home, what's not to like?
To say I was impressed is an understatement; you must visit this open-air market when you're in Montreal, they have EVERYTHING here! My friend let me try his Algerian sausage sandwich and I have never tried anything like it, beyond amazing! There was a full stocked Lebanese bakery, a stall filled with fresh roasted nuts of all kinds, crepes, baked goods, awesome coffee and of course; produce. What makes Jean-Talon market different from the rest however is that they leave out samples for people to try and it's all delicious. The variety is staggering! There must have been at least 4 different types of artichokes including a purple kind. If I were fortunate enough to live in Montreal, I'd be here everyday to buy food to make at home.Coming here was an awesome decision, make sure you do the same!
Marché Jean-Talon is one of the biggest public markets in North America, and a must-visit in Montreal. My family and I went for lunch on our recent trip to Montreal, and upon arrival, we were greeted by rows and rows of produce stands. I don't think I've ever seen such organized fruit and vegetables in my life - the pears, oranges, tomatoes, etc. were lined up in perfectly straight rows at pretty much every stand. If you are into photography, this is a super fun place to photograph! Many of the fruit stands also offer samples too.I had heard that the ice cream shop inside the market, Havre-aux-Glaces, was pretty good, so I braved the cold and got myself some hazelnut and apricot milk ice cream. It was quite pricy for a tiny cup but pretty delicious, especially the apricot milk. La Crêperie du Marché, a crepe stall, was also pretty good, and they had their own seating area.Even if you don't intend to buy anything, Jean-Talon is definitely worth checking out for the sights and sounds.
Marché Jean - Talon is definitely worth a visit when you're in Montreal.  It's a great way to spend your day sampling various fruits, ciders and pastries.  My friend and I went in the fall so some of the stalls were not packed but there was still a variety of fruits and vegetables to choose from.  If you're tired or cold several restaurants are nearby to have lunch or coffee.I can't wait to come back in the summer time where there will be more to choose from!
I love an open market, they are not popular in Canada because of the cold here but I really love walking through a market. During the winter this one is indoors, of corse. There is a nice selection of local produce, cheese, and meats. This is a great place to come for lunch spend a few hours walking around tasting some of the produce, where it is allowed of course. I love shopping for produce especially fresh and/or local produce. The restaurants on site are good, the food is most often prepared with ingredients you find right at the market. Talk about self sustainability. All the food is prepared fresh and ready to order.
Beautiful market with amazing fresh fruits to sample and great eateries! I love how almost everyone is bilingual. The fruit samples are changed out frequently so you can bet the fruit is fresh.
I love marche Jean Talon! From their fresh fruits to their amazing oysters, local maple syrups and duck poutine! The market is accessible by metro Jean Talon and you can find almost anything you need to cook up a storm here.
THIS PLACE IS WONDERFUL!!! Why they have two $$ is a mystery to me- they are SO CHEAP. Be sure to check the bottom shelf for the items "going bad" that are usually $1 for a bucket of veggies. So many varieties and places that actually sample their fruit. Possibly my favorite part of Montreal.
Lovely market all year round! Best in the summer though - when lots of local produce fills up the market and the surrounding area. Good for both locals and tourists.  Good for buying seasonal veggies in balk, or just your weekly cooking supply. It's more than just a market - a walk through the market makes for a good appetizer before sitting down for brunch/lunch in one of the restaurants or cafes around it. even though we don't leave close by, we try to go there at least once a season!
Marche Jean-Talon is a large farmers market further out from Montreal's city center. It's interesting to see some new produce that I have never seen in the US, such as "cerise terre," which I looked up later to discover it's a smaller, whiter version of the cherry.Some tips:- All cash market. Although, I did see a few people pay in USD, so that should be widely accepted, especially with the higher exchange value of the USD. - Street parking on the weekends in the neighborhoods surrounding the market. I'm not sure where you would park on the weekdays. It would probably be better to take the metro.Food stalls to try:- Mexican taco stall in the center (with the big Marche Jean Talon sign)- serves 3 tacos for $5 of cochinita pibil, black beans, and marinated red onions- Oyster and seafood stall at the end of the market, "Explorer" set of a dozen oysters for $30- 4 each from Vancouver (West Coast), _can't remember_ (East Coast, Ireland coast (European), and Rhode Island (American)- Fried seafood platter of tender calamari and shrimp ($9), or fish and chips
This market is filled with fruit and veggie stands along with specialty shops selling cheese, charcuterie, olives, dried herbs, meats, seafood, food, and etc. Not as large as other markets I've been to (Granville Island in Vancouver, BC or Pike's Place Market in Seattle, WA), but still very cute and quaint. We enjoyed wandering the market and shops and sampling the fresh fruits the vendors were selling. Definitely a perk bc you're able to taste the product before buying. There's also surrounding cafes and other vendors outside the market as well. Parking is pretty affordable, 2 hrs for $5.
So much to eat and buy here, excellent!----If that first line isn't enticing enough, let me give you some more deets.-Located near Little Italy.-Shucked oysters for $2.50 each with tonnes of variety-Bison burger and hot dog-Foie gras poutine-Locally grown and organic food (though some stalls will have USA and Ontario products)-Freshly squeezed juice-3 tacos for $5-Ample desserts such as crepes and macaroons.-Lots of fresh meat-Lots of coffee shops nearby.Overall, if you love food, this is a must-see attraction in Montreal.   Tip: bring cash
This isn't a body of water but there is an endless sea of possibilities. It's a food paradise! They have fresh fruit and vegetable stands that occupy half the market. You also have different vendors selling anything you can think of: tarts, macaroons, buckwheat crepes, pies, cheese, sausages, bison chilli, foie gras, smoked salmon, fresh juices, and gelato. That list doesn't even cover half of it. They also have vendors selling things like hand made soap and fresh flowers if you're interested. This is a wonderful place to wander because there is so much to see and taste. Everyone you meet is so lovely and I can guarantee you'll find at least 1 thing you'll love here!
Say what?!I never reviewed this place a few months ago when I was rolling through briefly for a work trip. I venture to say Marche Jean-Talon is a must for a taste of local flair if you find yourself in Toronto. You'll find shoppers purchasing everything from bison mint meat on a stick and fresh flowers to Turkish delight and cappuccinos with cat faces crafted into the foam. This is also a great spot to pick up your standard maple syrup souvenirs or everyday purchases like meats and cheeses. Note that the market is covered yet open-air. Wifi is available. Vendors were all very friendly and willing to answer my plentiful questions. Great place to pop in for a quick drink or bite to eat for lunch. I highly recommend trying the meat sticks at the end in the hallway (apologies for the vagueness).
I really really liked this market.Bunch of produce and food too. Aside from the market there's a bunch of other food options outside for you and this place is still expanding right now!!
this is my favourite place to go buy free ingredients and the people are always greeting you with a smile. A must during summertime, a lot going on there.
Yes. Yes, yes, yes. This is the best market to wander around if you have time, and an empty stomach. So many things to see, taste, touch, smell...I always end up spending too much but if you look, you can also find deals - today's was $1 for 4 lemons. So simple, but in the summer I use a ton of them so I was like - score! Several of the fruit and veggie stands have samples out of their produce so you can figure out what you like or what is most ripe. You'll be able to find everything you need for a casual or gourmet meal here, and you'll probably discover some new things in the process.
So I'm in Montreal for just one real day, and had a meeting to go to in the morning, leaving me more or less just the late morning and the afternoon to bum around and explore this city that I have not visited in 30 years. Wishing to visit a market, and having just been to the St Lawrence market in Toronto a few days before, I debated between visiting Jean-Talon or Atwater. In the end, I went to Atwater first, and found that I had time still to make it to Jean-Talon, too. I was concerned that it would be somewhat repetitive, since how different can two markets in the same city be? Well, quite different, as it turns out.For one thing, Jean-Talon is MUCH bigger, and I can readily believe that it's the biggest open-air market in North America. For another, the range of items is broader than Atwater, and in many cases the prices are actually lower (the one exception that I noticed right away was for maple syrup, which was generally higher here). Whereas I spent barely an hour at Atwater (and that included having lunch), I easily spent close to three hours at Jean-Talon, and could have stayed longer.Among the finds that I made at Jean-Talon was the oyster bar "La Boite aux Huitres", where they had an array of around 12 different oysters on offer, all available as a degustation. When I told them that I was visiting from NZ they put together a tasting plate of six varieties for me to try (and even reduced the price a bit), and each was unique and oh so fresh! Another great find was the spice shop, Épice de Cru. There I encountered a range of spices like nothing I've seen in a long time, many of which are sourced and imported by the shop directly, and of a quality that you rarely find. Having entered to find one somewhat obscure item (mastic), I not only found it but wound up with several other times I found I suddenly could not live without. The young man who escorted me through this exploration of the world of spices was not just knowledgeable, but incredibly enthusiastic and extremely friendly. I could have spent hours there. In addition to spices, they have an impressive selection of teas of all types, too, and their prices are very reasonable.Finally, I could not resist a sampling of ice cream from the Havre aux Glaces shop. There I had a cup with three flavours (pistachio, maple caramel brûlé, and apricot kernel) that was a steal at $4. In addition to these, there are countless stalls with beautiful fruits, vegetables, meats, cheeses and all those things you expect at a good market. If only I had a kitchen here to make use of them! So, if you have time, I'd say go to both Atwater and Jean-Talon markets, but if you are pressed for time, or are not as much of a foodie as I am, then Jean-Talon is the one for you.
This market is probably my favorite place in the world.I was originally born in Montreal but for the most part raised in Toronto so maybe it's the nostalgia that gets me when I go there.I love this place. I love it in the summer. I love it in the winter. I love it morning, noon and evening. Everything is always fresh. Always priced well. You get MORE than what you pay for. The free sampling allows you to be able to know the product you're buying before you dive and make the purchase.More importantly, the people behind the vendors are always happy. I've considered learning french and moving to Montreal just because I love this place so much that it hurts.
One of the many highlights of my trip to Montreal. If you're looking for fresh fruit, vegetables, meat, and cheese, this is your place. Even if you aren't hungry or going to the market isn't your thing, still do so. I found it a really nice way to get to know the culture by its food and the food we bought were delicious. However, I do have to point out that many of the vendors were selling the same thing, so walk around if you're looking for the best price. Everyone is nice and super chill and won't try to push you like other markets do. I'd advise going either in the morning or during the week.
Farmers Market thats been around for years. Its open year round and houses some really awesome food.
Admittedly I am easily impressed with a good farmer's market, coming from a place where the bar is set very low. I love this place so much I almost came daily during my visit in Montreal.This market, easily accessible by metro, is rather big, with stalls in the center and shops around the perimeter.  The wild strawberries we saw there were tiny, compare to the huge ones I usually see in U.S. but boy, they may be a quarter of the size but pack ten times the flavor.  Not just deliciously red looking, they actually taste sweet and juicy, not watery like the ones from supermarkets.  There are many other vegetables and fruits on sale too, I just wish I have some way to take them home but alas I was a traveler living in a hotel. I also found a stall, where the young lady sells cheeses made by her parents on a nearby farm,  She also sells wool collected from her sheep.  Being a city girl this totally wowed me.  There are cheese shops (where they let you taste a few before you buy), ice cream shops, and bakery serving excellent croissants and coffee.  There are many other shops and stalls offering delicious treats as well, I just wish I had chance to try them all.Highly recommend you to come here for a visit, even if you are just a tourist and not plan on cooking anything in the foreseeable future.
This is my favorite market in Montreal, the variety and number of vendors selling fresh, produce and flowers is unsurpassed in the city and there are many smaller stores lining the streets outside selling Middle Eastern foods, can goods as well as meats and fish. You can also find a very good cup of coffee from a number of vendors within the market proper as well as those surrounding the market place. Premiere Moisson has a presence there for all your bakery items too. This is a not to be missed stop when you are in Montreal.
Living in NY I have an opportunity to visit many farmers markets but this one is just differentLikes:- the east side of the market has so many wonderful choices from: fresh oyster bar, many meat shops, tea/coffee shops, crepe shop, several bakeries- west side of the market is where majority of the produce is with tons of produce vendors and some with excellent pricing. We found an egg vendor that sold 5 different those of fresh eggs. Cheese vendors and several plant vendors. - very friendly vendors- some take credit cards- close to the metroDislike:- none
I bought a baguette and a container of goat cheese here.I knew it was going to be a good night.We took the Metro here, so I can't speak for the parking situation, but walking to the market was quick and easy.  Basically, Marche Jean Talon is a farmer's market.  If you're looking for fresh meats, cheeses, fruits, vegetables, or some foodie souvenirs, Marche Jean Talon should be on your itinerary.I went in search of more kitschy souvenirs, which you will not find much of here.  Go to Old Montreal for that stuff.Premiere Moison is a busy bakery, where I waited in a long line for a single chocolate croissant and a skinny baguette loaf.Then I visited Fromagerie Hamel, where they offer a nice variety of Canadian-made cheeses.  I chose a goat cheese, made in Quebec, and went on my merry way.  If you enjoy cooking or are a total cheesehead like me, Marche Jean Talon is a must.  If the word "baguette" does nothing for you (and I'm not talking diamonds), then maybe the market is a little less of a priority for you.You can also pick up some basic French here by learning your fruits and vegetables.  "Pamplemousse" means grapefruit!  Doesn't that make grapefruit sound so much more interesting?A map or some kind of directory would have helped.  There are a few ways to get in, and if you don't feel like wandering aimlessly, the market can feel very overwhelming.I later enjoyed my baguette and goat cheese while sitting on the terrace of an apartment we stayed at, while my husband smoked his Cuban cigar.  It made for a nice, relaxing evening and was a beautiful way to end our stay in Montreal.
We went here during weekdays, so there were some vendors that close.Really good place to see what kind of produce montreal has to offer...People were really friendly and eager to help if you have any questions. Unlike Paris, you don't have to feel awkward to speak English...Make sure to go around the market, they have other shops that worth checking out.
This market is supposedly the biggest in North America and it is surprisingly out of the way unless you have a car.  But it is a wonderful place with every kind of food available.  What I was most impressed with was the quality of the produce!  Perfect peaches, berries, apples, tomatoes, herbs, vegetables.  I mean not a hint of brown or yellowing.  How do they do it?  The cauliflower looked like it should be in the Botanical Garden.  Garlic braided into a ribbon.  My pictures could be the cover of a cookbook.  This is as fresh as it gets.  I am jealous of the locals who get to enjoy this all of the time.Wonderful little stores and restaurants scattered throughout.  My favorite boulangerie, Premiere Moisson was there as well as Fromage Hamel.  The food there is just great.
Much larger than the Atwater market. This is clearly the location where every day folk come for food and provisions for the upcoming week. This location offers a great deal of variety at affordable rates. Underground parking makes it easy to come and go. This will definitely be our go to grocery location upon our return.
4.5Yet another one of these Montreal must-visits so many told me to try. They were right. Take what you love about farmers' markets (where does that damn apostrophe go?), add some serious street cred, aged wisdom, and a bunch of delicious items to eat and you have the wonderfulness that is Marche Jean-Talon.I began my visit just by walking around. There's a lot to explore, see, smell, and taste you so owe it to yourself to do it all. As I went aisle by aisle, tasting different fruits, speaking mangled franglais and, generally, making a touristy nuisance of myself, I thought how happy I was to be here and be present. After I couldn't take any more torture of temptation, I landed on Le Tartarin. I noticed a bunch of people queued up there and figured that they must know what's up. They did. I didn't know how to order and the workers were too busy to show me. Finally, a manager took pity on me and walked me through the process. The good news is that I had plenty of time to know what I wanted to order: one salmon fume sandwich (with capers, onions and cream cheese... you know the deal), fries with vinegar (why hadn't I done this before?) and apple juice. Lunch of champions.But, I wasn't done. During lunch, I was joined by la reine de Montreal who let me know that I needed gelato in my life. She led me to Havre Aux Glaces and I, sheepishly, bowed my head. Y'see, I'd already been there sampling their goodies for all they were worth and promising to come back. Great minds and all that. After tasting the 70% chocolate (and having it rock my world), I ordered some caramel gelato and allowed myself to go in to full blimp mode. I didn't care. I was on vacation. Ugh. This review has me jonesing for the magic of MJT. I don't suppose I can justify a trip up north JUST to come here... can I?
Crazy amount of beautiful produce! Just crazy!And herbs, and eats, and music and just pure bliss! Can't say much about the quality of the fruits and veg because I only sampled small pieces and didn't purchase, but I can tell ya if you like to cook, or if you like to simply walk aisles of amazing, this is how you should start the weekend. Grab some Mexican for the nearby spot which on one hand completely contrasts the lovely market, yet compliments it beautifully.
Definitely the highlight of our visit. So many things to choose from, shaded from the sun and great prices. A well-marked walk from the subway stop of the same name.We also enjoyed the cheese and wine shops along the perimeter.
It's a food market. Cheese, vegetables (lots of vegetables), honey, some meats. There was some live music when I visited. Just a couple cafes on the edges. No crafts or souvenirs. It's a good place to stock up on produce, grab a coffee and a samosa, then move on. It's on asphalt. Not what I would consider a "destination", more like a convenient stand for locals.
Certainly one of the best places in Montreal to buy produce. and at the best prices.  Be warned though, that this is not all locally grown stuff, as most of the products appear to be shipped in and just sold here as they would be in your local marche.  But the prices are generally better and the quality good to better than the local marche.I walked here (about 3km) and passed many other places to buy oranges and other fruits because of the quality, selection and price.  That should speak for itself!
Lovely place to get delicious crepes, sausages, and French macaroons to die for!
This is by far the best farmers market I have ever been.  There is so much fresh tasty produce.   Most fruit/veggie stands offer samples of their wares.  We actually came here twice.  There's a lot of good food stands and small restaurants.  I had amazing tacos at this small stand near the main entrance.  I almost docked a star since one of the tomato vendors gypped me on my change.  I was suppose to get a couple toonies back but she gave me smaller change instead.    Almost positive it wasn't an accident.  Not a big deal but it's a bit disappointing when tourists get taken advantage, since we're not use to the currency.  Just keep that in mind.
This place is amazing!  I would consider moving to Montreal just so I could do my shopping here each week.  The produce is fresh, beautiful, bountiful and inexpensive. Meats, cheeses, and seafoods are available in all sorts of varieties.  Delicious aromas waft from food stands: I saw tacos, curry, baked goods, pastries, and turkish food to name a few.  The spice shop was my favorite stop- gorgeous spices and teas from all over the world. I was able to purchase some gifts to bring home: dried beans and peppers, spices, chocolates, bread, and olives can cross the border. I almost weeped because I wanted to bring home bags of fruit, vegetables, and flowers.  I will return!
We really enjoyed our visit at Marche Jean-Talon.  The Market was quite large and host a variety of vegetables.  We were there to get lunch.  The BBQ ribs was so so compare to the American ribs.  The hot dog was wonderful as they use stuffed sausages in different flavors.  Definitely check out the ice-cream shop and the Macaroon shop.  We had some delicious macaroons.  It's definitely a great last stop in Montreal!
After living in California for 8 years, I'm sadly disappointed. There were no organic fruits or veggies and the vendors didn't even know about the pesticide levels in their produce. The surrounding stores were more like tourist traps than real places to eat. We bought 3 bananas (non organic) and had a juice (non organic) and then bought a crepe (was horrible, threw it out after a few bites)Nice to walk around and people watch but don't spend your money here.
Our favorite place in Montreal, we went everyday during our 3 day visit, the smoked meat sandwich at Williams knocks Schwart's out of the ball park, and the oyster bar is not to be missed!
Oh to be able to come here every day or weekend. I'd be in my own personal heaven. I do love a plethora of free samples, and the prices for many items ain't bad to boot!This isn't to say that most of the produce is local or fresh or organic or any of that high-end stuff. But it is where you can taste practically anything you want before you buy.Special bonus for the $1 areas that feature the stuff that just might go bad in a couple days.So many samples, so little time. But we had to be off to explore the rest of this beautiful city.
I loved this farmers market and only wish I lived in Montreal so I could be closer to it. Supposedly only open on Saturday and Sundays we came here Sunday afternoon. It was def a little bit crowded but it didn't feel as touristy as most of the things we did in Montreal. We mostly just walked around but loved seeing all the plants, flowers and herbs for sale. We tried a bunch of different veggies which all tasted delicious.There was a ton of little stuff you can buy like candles, cheese, cured meet.  We picked up some maple syrup just to try. We also stopped at an oyster bar and each had a few oysters. Delicious
Great spot for foodies & anyone who appreciates fresh produce. They offer such selection & samples so u can validate what's clear. They offer much to any cook who's looking for some fresh ingredients.
Always an excellent variety of fresh, locally grown products.  The vendors are super knowledgable and helpful.  The prices are awesome given that it's grown right nearby.  Every time I visit Montréal, I make it a point to stop here and buy.Bien sur on peut magasiner en français sans aucun problème car le marché est complètement bilingue.
This place is amazing! It's the largest out door market I've ever been to, and everything looks and tastes so fresh! I don't know how they do it! You can spend a whole afternoon here, shopping for goods for dinner in the evening. Fruits, veggies, spices, sweets, meats! It's all here! This is the one stop you need to buy what you want for your gourmet dinner tonight!
Great variety of foods, both fresh produce and prepared foods. The vendors are very nice and helpful. One of my favorite places To go just to wander and to screw around and look at things that people are selling.
More of a tourist destination than anything else. Fun to walk around, taste samples of local produce and buy baskets of fresh food. It is quite expensive if you plan on going grocery shopping there, but if you're looking for more exotic and refined foods, I would recommend taking a look. Overall really practical as both an outting and a market. Parking can be a hastle depending what day/time you decide to go.
Great farmers market.  It was excellent to see so many vendors with so much variety of fresh food.I stopped here during vacation into the city, and parked nearby.  Would definitely return if I come back.
Lots of fresh produce and fish. Not as many places in the market for ready to eat food. But many cafes/restaurants border the marche. Definitely try the smoked salmon infused with maple syrup at the Les Delices de la Mer / Atkins et Freres. There's parking in the garage below the market which is relatively cheap.
Worth visiting while in Montreal.  If you want to really explore the city, and avoid explicit tourist destinations, I would advice walking to March Jean-Talon from downtown along Rue De St. Laurent from downtown.  The walk will take over an hour, and cover lots of fun areas in the city.
Awesome place for food shopping from local farmers. Large choice and great quality/ price. There's a nice store where you can buy lots of dry foodstuffs and nuts in bulk. Bring your own shopping bag to avoid plastic bags. You can eat there too.
I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review of this place - I've been going there for years!Location: In the heart of Little Italy. The closest subway is probably de Castelnau (blue line) or Jean Talon (orange). The market offers indoor and outdoor parking (space is limited - get there early) and street parking is available but you'll have to feed the meter. The goods: Jean Talon market is a farmer's market where you'll find almost every type of fruit or vegetable known to man (OK, perhaps North American varieties only). The fruits and veggies are colorfully displayed at each kiosk for you to see and oftentimes taste, which is great because who wants to spend money on tasteless fruit? At each extremity of the market, you'll find butchers, cheese shops and restaurants though in some cases, these (the specialty shops) may be a little expensive. Now, where the goods are concerned: don't expect to find local produce only because you'll be disappointed. While the bulk of the product IS local, if you don't pay attention you will find yourself going home with nectarines that originate from the good old USA. Do I mind this? Not necessarily, but when I visit a farmer's market, I do want to support the local farmers as opposed to my neighbors across the border. Just sayin'. What to watch out for: It's worth it to do a quick walk-through and check out prices and quality before you commit to purchasing your fruits and veggies. You will find that some vendors offer better prices than others for exactly the same stuff. In some cases, you may get more bang for your buck, too. Believe it or not, some vendors know f**k all about what they're selling. Surprising, isn't it? So if you're looking for some information on, I don't know, different types of tomatoes and the tomato chick knows a big fat nothing - maybe you want to visit another vendor. Some vendors don't like you to taste their fruit before you buy it. Rare, but it happens. Walk away. Service: This will of course depend on which kiosk that you visit. You'll get a mix here - some vendors are friendly while others are d*cks. True story. Price point: Same as above - this will depend on who you're buying from. In general though, you will find that some stuff is cheaper at the market, while other items are as expensive as what you'd pay in-store. Like I said - it's worth it to shop around. Tips:If, like me, you hate crowds, try to get there when the market opens - you'll have an easier time parking and you'll be able to roam free without having to navigate through hoards of people who think the market is a great place to take a leisurely stroll, 4-wide. I'll state the obvious here: Bring CASH - vendors don't accept anything else. You can use your cards at the specialty shops or restaurants, however. Bring your own bags.Best time to visit: Summer (of course) and early Fall (also, of course).
Absolutely amazing experience.  Visited from out of town and by far one of my favorite things about Montreal.Ended up taking home fresh fruit, delicious olives stuffed with goat cheese, locally grown wine,  and had some poutine with foie gaui from a vendor.Highly recommended!
This is one of my most favorite places to go food shopping!  And plant/seedling shopping in the spring.  I try to get up to Jean Talon Market about once every two weeks or so, monthly when I'm super busy.  In the summer it's a nice bike ride (there are bike racks and a bixi stand right nearby), and otherwise the market is well situated between the 55 bus and the Jean Talon metro.  A hint for drivers: it's actually cheaper to park in either the above ground or underground lots operated by the market, if you're only going to be stopping for an hour or so, versus parking meter rates. Plus the parking attendants are always so friendly. I will occasionally drive up to take advantage of the Mondou located just across the street, to stock up on cat food and litter, and then pop into the market for goodies as well.Some of my faves include: - buying flats of 30 eggs (we eat a lot of eggs)- nachos and gauc from Taco Del Ray up on the Northern side of the market- organic meat from St Vincent on the Eastern side of the market (ask about their bulk meat boxes, they are a good deal!)- local honey (some say it's good for the immune system)- browsing about the Marche des Saveurs for interesting beers- whatever produce is seasonal (most vendors clearly label wether their produce is local or imported, when in doubt ask!)- popping into Motta and Capitol for Italian cheeses and cans of tomatoes and breadsYes, it does get crowded on nice weekend afternoons, and takes some patience.  I've grown a tolerance over the years, as I've been coming with my parents and grandparents since I was a child.  The tricks is to take it slow, not rush, and not get upset.  Chat with the vendors, who are usually more than happy to tell you about what they are selling.  Take some time to listen to the buskers, who liven up the place.  Bring lots of reusable sturdy bags, or even better a pull cart, and you're all set.
A place of sensory overload, pretty  colors from fresh fruits, flowers. It was not as big as we expected but nevertheless it was a pretty market. Do try the poutine at Dinge de Grain. It was delicious! Their version is a baked potato with warm gravy, perfect for chilly weather ! ($6.5).From Jean Talon metro station walk to the left.
Love this Montreal farmer's market! beautiful selection of local, seasonal veg, fruits as well as cheeses, maple syrup, meats, seafood, flowers, what have you....I'd shop here all the time if I lived here.
i love this market!been going since i'm 3 apples high when it used to be different. through the years, it changed and got better and awesomer (i know, not a word).the best time to hit the market is during harvest season when produces are at their peak which is about between mid-august to end of september. there's nothing better than go to the tomato and hot pepper farmer which i can't remember the name and just spend 30 minutes to an hour smelling the wonderful orgasmic scent of fresh harvest. if you love food, you'll just love that moment in time where all your senses awaken and you start drooling..the other best time is when they take down the walls to the market announcing the start of the warmer season. *happy dance*sugar season is pretty interesting too. certain produces can be pricier than certain grocery stores so if you care about price, you're better off shopping around. if you want the freshest of produces, outside of sami fruits, you can't go wrong with the market.the shops surrounding the market are interesting enough with some of them being great while others are more so-so. up to you to find what you like best. me, personally, i'm not fond of the new basha and the vietnamese stand. personal preference.there's a 24/7 fruit/vegetable vendor. he's friendly and interesting to talk to. keep him company on those hockey night as he's actually watching the game.all in all, a great market that gets way too crowded on weekend
Even though I went on a freezing cold Sunday afternoon, the market was still lively and bustling with people. The fruit and veg selection is truly excellent, and the prices are cheaper than most grocery stores. I managed to buy apple EVERYTHING, from juice to cookies to actual apples.I also sampled a couple tasty sausages from an outside vendor - merguez and wild boar - for only $1 apiece!If I lived nearby I'd be here multiple times a week.
Marche Jean-Talon is amazing.  I Yelped a bunch of places in Montreal before my trip this was at the top of my bookmark list.  The produce is so fresh and everyone is very helpful.  I was mesmerized by all of the colors and smells.  I really enjoyed the fact that they had sample trays out for all of the fresh fruit and veggies.  The fruit was unreal.  It had to be the juiciest, most flavorful fruit I have ever tasted.  I could have made a meal out of all of the samples.  Speaking of meals, there was a plethora of shops surrounding the outskirts of the market.  These ranged from crepe shops to cheese shops.  Each one had such a wonderful aroma stemming from them as you walked by.  It was hard not to stop.  Overall, I loved Marche Jean-Talon.  It is hands down one of the best farmers markets I've ever been to.  I would HIGHLY recommend anyone go.  You will not regret it.
luv! huge open air market with eats and fresh produce - you get to taste test too!!
I thought this was pretty good - a nice selection of different types of food - fresh fruit/vegetables as well as a variety of prepared foods: sausage, cheese, pastries, etc.You can definitely make a meal from here as well as take fresh items to cook back home.
$5 TACO LUNCH! OLE!As an underemployed artist I'm always looking for delicious lunches for less than $8 and today I found one at the JT market. As far as I could see there was no official 'name' for the taco/sandwich stand kitty corner to the picnic table area and somewhat attached to the cafe/macaron place. It is a very basic looking stand with a few trays of toppings and very warm and friendly folks who serve up two simple items that they do well. Pulled pork sandwiches or pulled pork tacos. For $5 you get three delicious tacos made with traditional corn tortillas and filled with a little black bean sauce, pulled pork and topped with pickled onions. PERFECTION!
This place makes me happy and makes me wish that it's summer all year round in Montreal. There's so much to see, so much to taste, to smell! The best time to go there is probably in the early summer, just as we're all coming out of the dreary grey winter, to be greeted by row after row of blooming flowers and colourful fruits and vegetables all laid out majestically in front of you, en plein air! It's such a lovely feeling.Having said that, I come here as often as I can, any season of the year. Resto Le Tartarin serves excellent comfort food: great burger, awesome fish and chips, yummy  soups... and then there's Le Ryad, serving all kinds of Middle Eastern delicacies, from sweets to savoury pastries (my favorite is the spicy chicken `burek`)...and the poisonnerie, which makes really good fried calamari... the list goes on. Another plus: in the weekends there are always talented buskers to serve as entertainment. What a treat!
Must go place if you are in Montreal!Simply a foodies' paradise. Cheeses, spices, fresh veggies and fruits (which they let you taste most of them), meat and oysters!fullspeeduws.wordpress.c…
My fave farmer's market in Central Canada. I have been to St. Lawrence Market in Toronto, Byward Market in Ottawa and this one has left deep impression in my entire Market experience in the country. I don't know but the marche is so amazing, not only that it wowed me with aplenty of fresh produces, all colorful & bright. But the people here are most chirpy and helpful. I love getting groceries when I am abroad when my room comes with kitchen facilities. During my stay in Montreal, I have been paying visit to Metro stores, provision shops at Chinatown, Pharmaprix and my nearest IGA. I could get almost anything bits and pieces from theses outlets but I enjoyed a greater range of very fresh produces from the harvester today at Jean Talon! Very brightly colored, plump looking, juicy and very sweet fruits are widely seen in every lanes in the market. Compare prices as u stroll along unless u have a regular stall that u couldn't leave without. I gotten a bunch of fresh colored carrots for only $2.50 when some sells them for $3.00. Apples - offspring of Cortland (USA), $3.50 for a basket of 8s. Fresh button mushrooms for $3 a small crate, a bunch of zucchini for $2. The harvester is friendly and a few playful one who threw me one baby radish to bite on when I asked for a purple carrot but not in season yet. It's so fun at Jean Talon Market, unquestioned experience. I gotten a cantaloupe for $2 which tasted extremely good. They are identical to those premium Hokkaido rock melon I ate a few times in the Northern part of Japan. Deep orangey in color, robust taste, nectarous in its soft but not overly ripened flesh. $5/3s, so irresistible, yet I couldn't stomach it unless I have a few people to share. They are too sweet to passé. Remember to try out the deep fried calamari at Aqua Marie and some fresh plummy oysters just right opposite, the elderly looking "chef" is a joyous man in the store, a playful & entertaining one surely at the entire market! We had so much fun sitting there as we chow down the oysters. There's a gluten free specialist shop at the far end of the market, a stand-alone along the stretch of eateries opposite the market, which stored really astonishing range that I have never seen in my life. I managed to grab a few pack of power food; chia seeds, chocolate nibs and gluten free cereals, they are not exceedingly expensive when I compare with some similar ones back home in Asian.Have fun!! I had mine!!!
JTM! One of my favourite places to go to on a beautiful, sunny day in Montreal. Been here too many times to count but always leave with a bag of fresh fruit, vegetables and a happy stomach filled with fresh samples. Used to bring a massive bag (think hiking/backpackers bag) to haul back as much as I could back home while bixing. Good times indeed.Latest trip - was just visiting so I didn't buy any fruit/veggies but I did buy an orchid for my grandma's birthday. Super friendly lady helped us out while I decided what to get but it is very reasonably priced. She even gave me exact instructions on how to take care of the orchid which I happily passed along. Will always be on my list to go to while I am in town!
There are so many things to look at, sample, see, admire and shop for here, there's not much to say other than, "go and see for yourself!" I will say that I had the most delicious homemade popsicle flavour here: Pineapple basil. Amazing.
One of my favorite stops on my trip to Montreal.  I could've spent all day here.  1. It's an urban sugar shack: opportunity to buy all your maple products, get your maple taffy on ice, and spend all the money you brought. 2.  All of the fruit stands provide free samples of the fruit/veggies you are going to buy.  I thought this was very cool.3.  The tacos that are 3 for 5 were absolutely amazing and are highly recommended.  4. The maple pie from La Fournee des Sucreries de L'erable was one of the greatest things i have ever consumed in my life. 5. The Point G macaroons are also great. I'm sure there are many more things that I missed out on here, but I didn't have the time to spend the whole there and try everything in the market even though I would have liked to.  I highly suggest you making this a stop on your trip!
It's the mack daddy of all outdoor markets. Stall after stall of produce and a huge covered pavilion with prepared food and goodies. No matter where you are in Montreal it's worth the trip to to Jean-Talon for uber food and excellent people watching!
Excellent Farmers Market, by far one of the largest I have every been too! Can't wait to try some new fruit spreads and Maple syrup I bought! Oh yeah!! I almost forgot the strawberries were super tasty! Yumm
Jean-Talon Market is by far my favourite shopping excursion in Montreal. By shopping, I mean food, not clothes or shoes! I love wandering through the many cheese shops with loads of specialty items from Quebec. Fresh produce is abundant and the farmers will even give you samples of the PRODUCE before you buy!! Amazing fried calamari and beautiful oysters. Great gelato and the best croissant aux amandes I've ever had!!Definitely take a wander and enjoy. Make sure to stop off and buy some potted foie gras to bring home with you! Also nice to grab picnic stuff and go to a nearby park for wine and cheese!!If you are a Foodie, this is a DO NOT MISS in Montreal!!
This wonderful local market is a must visit for all. Whether you're searching for local produce, people watching, or looking for a scene to validate Quebec as a truly bilingual society in Canada, there is no better place to do it. In short, it is some of the best things in Quebec all available in one roof.Marche Jean-Talon is nothing short of amazing. It's bustling, buzzing with activity on all fronts, and is about as local of a scene as one can get. There are meat butchers, cupcakes and other desserts, herbs and spices galore, endless aisles of regional produce, aromatic breads, cheese and flower shops, seafood etc. Whatever it is, expect high quality stuff. This market just gets better for me each time I'm here.I love the fruit samples, I've had some of the sweetest baby tomatoes, grapes, and oranges I've ever eaten. I also love some of their cupcakes from the local bakeries (yelp.ca/biz_photos/Y5-Gp…), many of which really punctuate the fruity hints that I can only presume are from some of the very fruits at this market.Sometimes it's just nice to sit back with a coffee / beer and sit in a chair to watch the endless traffic of tourists and locals come together, eating a fresh crepe, while listening to spoken Québécois French echo throughout the hall. Montreal is already a wonderful city, but having an incredible market like Jean-Talon only makes it among Canada's finest.
One of our fave stops in Montreal! Enjoyed amazing pastries, fresh samples of produce, even incredible ceviche! There are so many different stalls with delicious foods inside - from maple syrup to fresh cheeses, meats, and produce!Highly recommend checking out this open air market if you are in town, you will not be disappointed!
I recently revisited this market and I was reminded what a historic, wonderful gem it is, here in the city of Montreal. The sheer size of the market is impressive, comprised of an enormous square, neatly organized within by blocks of venders. The aisles are all straightforward and wide so there is ample room to circulate. I appreciated the grid-like arrangement, as so many farmers' markets are wildly arranged in a hodge-podge, random fashion. And the fares themselves! Amazing! Not only are there fruits and vegetables of any and every variety, but there are to-die-for charcuteries (meats), poissonerie shops (fish), fromagerie shops (cheese), pasta makers, honey stands, chocolateries (no translation needed!), flower stands, gelato and ice cream makers, coffee vendors.,.., I could go on and on and on. And everything's fresh and local and gourmet to the max. If I still lived in the city, I'd be coming here weekly for my grocery shopping.
What an amazing place! Kids enjoyed wondering the aisles, smelling the flowers, asking what some of the unusual (to us) fruits and veggies were, marveling at the size of the mangos and eggplants (seriously, they are gigantic!), and , of course, trying the foods.  The creperie in the middle got a big two thumbs up from the whole family. Blueberries were plump and sweet.  Tried some red currants, my four year old was pleasantly taken with them and spent quite a bit of time trying to pick them from the stem himself to eat them, despite being both sweet and tart. (Not kidding. He easily carried them himself to eat them for more than an hour, then ate some more on his lunch plate. That a long time for a young kiddo.). The Ice cream looked amazing but we were trying not to ruin lunch.  Seafood and butcheries were fresh and not all mainstream. We brought home a sampling of fresh breads, some cheese, a quiche, samosas, and a (don't know the French term) chicken pot pie. To relate it in kiddo terms, lunch was so good, they never even asked to open the new bag of chips we had sitting on the table.  I truly wish they had a market like this back home, I would do all my fruit and veg and butchery shopping there! Loved that you could sample the fruits and veg at many of the stands before buying, so you know if something is sweet or tart on any given day.  Would highly recommend this on a place to visit for an hour or two for a mid morning snack or early lunch.  Not far from the metro.  Not too expensive on the wallet, although we did want to buy everything :)
Good place to find natural, and local products but a bit pricey. Great touristic spot with paid parking.
We decided to take some family from Jersey and San Fran for a long-weekend road trip to Montreal. A stop at a market was a must... Atwater or Marché Jean-Talon? I've read Atwater was smaller, so Jean-Talon it is! They have a variety of shops and vendors (seafood, meats, cheese, pastries), a one stop shop for a party or a picnic. Lots to see and eat!  All 21 of us ate at the fish & chips place, then some fresh oysters, dessert and coffee at a café, then more shopping for cheese.Marché Jean-Talon also has a very impressive fresh produce area - flowers & fruits stands. Loved how the fruit vendors place samples of their produce... had a bite of a nectarine and it was eye-openingly delicious!They have clean and adequate washroom facilites and a few (much needed) bank machines as most vendors only take cash.Definitely a great place to showcase Montreal!
I was invited to this place by a coworker that loves this place.  And I see why!  Man, what a very nice selection of fruits, and vegetables...and most if not every vendor is offering free samples of their produce.  Something that I don't see back in the Dallas, Texas.  But, this is not the only stuff that this place has...man, they have some nice cafes which I fell in love with their coffees.  Wow, what an awesome place to relax, shop, and eat at!I recommend this place BIG time!!!  Go there, and bring your family with you...all of y'all will have a nice time there!!!  :)
This place is awesome  There is tons of local produce and the specialty shops are always fun to browse and test out.  Fromagerie Hamel has great selection and when you're hungry after shopping you can visit El Rey del Taco, which is this little Mexican place that has delicious food.  Havre aux Glaces is always worth the trip as is Premiere Moisson.
What a great market. A little pricy but for sure you get quality food. If you are visiting Montréal this place you should be in your must-visit list!
The Marche Jean-Talon is an AWESOME market with a wide variety of not only fruits and vegetables, but also all types of cooked food, wine, pastries and desserts. It's quite a large market located a short Metro trip northwest of downtown Montreal. Once inside, you're met with a beautiful array of colors from the plethora of fruit sellers and independent stands selling pastries, desserts, wine, etc. One important word of advice I have is to definitely head to the fruit section of the market as they give out samples of freshly cut fruit there! I've never seen a market that lets patrons sample fruits such as strawberries, oranges, kiwis, pears, apples, etc in such large quantities. It's absolutely a fantastic marketing idea because once you sample it and taste how fresh the fruit is you realize you MUST BUY something! I had a great time just walking around the market and seeing what they had to offer. Plus it's a great opportunity to venture out to the outskirts of Montreal. It's a must for tourists!
How wonderful this market is.  All the fresh fruits and veggies and meats and cheeses and breads a girl could ever need in one place.  And many things one might never need, but...OOOOh... what's that?Excuse me.  I have to shop.
I wish there was something like this at home in SoCal. Such a clean and neatly organized market with rows and rows of fresh fruit and vegetables and everything in between. Since we were just in town for a few days I couldn't buy much fresh produce but I so wish I could. We ended up not eating here but there were a few food vendors that looked good.
I am so glad that I finally made it to the Marché Jean-Talon.  I was pretty disappointed with the Atwater Market (more of a tourist trap than it is a true farmer's market).  All the produce were so fresh and almost all the fruit stands had samples of each and every fruit they were selling.  Bonus!  You can tell that this is THE place to get the goods because almost all the customers were local Montréal-ers.  Some of the places worth mentioning: Pain DoréBoulangerie Première MoissonFromagerie Hamel
An amazing tourist place to visit, great market with lots of fresh and colorful fruits and vegetables. The food is amazing, awesome flavours and the desserts are just the very best. A must while in Montréal
We went back to Jean-Talon market last weekend, and it was as fun as I remembered! We spent some time walking around and exploring everything. We had lots of free samples of fruit, vegetables, and cheese. It was relaxing and enjoyable. We ended up buying some sausages on a stick ($1 each, amazing), some different types of cheese (one of the employees spent some time working with us to taste different kinds of cheeses and choose what we wanted), a baguette, some fruit, and a small thing of poutine- then sat and had lunch. The baguette was amazing- soft, crispy, and light and airy. The cheeses were pleasant. However, the fruit seemed rotten, which was disappointing. We should have checked it before we bought it. The poutine was more like "fast food" poutine, and I didn't like it that much, although my friends did. After lunch, we bought some desserts from a patisserie- a chocolate mousse cup and a fruit tarte.Overall, a great place to wander, try some free samples, and purchase awesome food of all different types. My only additional warning is to check the fruit before you buy it!
This market is buzzing with avid foodies!There is a fruit stand at the end of the hallway that sells amazingly fresh fruit. ANDDDDDDD they offer samples! And I cannot describe how succulent the fruit are - you must try them for yourself!There is also a wine stand named Couture Rougemont... The man who works there on the weekend is a former college professor who took up the job as a pastime. He's extremely friendly and honest and such a delight to talk to!The stuff at the market is marked at a good price. I am so glad I stopped by during my trip to Montreal. A definite MUST for foodies!
This market has everything. People are friendly and mostly bilingual. I love walking there when the weather's nice to just sample the products with friends.
Seems almost silly to add yer another amazing review of this place, but ill confirm its amazing. Coming from the west coast the closest is Granville island market but this is bigger, the people are friendlier, the produce is actually very reasonable and very good, especially the berries and pit fruit. Hamel fromagerie is where we'd come for cheese here. Get your picnic ready here.
I spend my summers in Montreal, and without a doubt my summer would not be complete without my weekly trip to the market. The first time I went here I was in awe of how big it was. It's big. It's really big. Do yourself a favor and get a map online before you get here. Lame, I know - I know the market backwards and forwards now, but it wasn't always that way. It's hard to take a trip to the marche without stopping at the Havre aux Glaces (the ice cream shop). My friends have had to drag me from the fromagerie hamel a few times (with good reason!) The Marche' des Saveurs is also UNMISSABLE - a fantastic gourmet shop in the south east corner. If you're a donut person, you HAVE TO try the polish prune donuts. Sounds gross , but they're the reason I also pack on a few during the warmer months. I swear i'm going to be 3,000 pounds soon - but, alas, i'll be in a happy donut filled haze. If you decide to go on a Saturday or Sunday, be sure to get there right at the stroke of dawn, unless you enjoy bumping into 5,289 strollers or have a firebolt on hand.
Tons of great fruits and veggies, cheese shops, chocolate stores, and more! Tried a few yummy macarons and cheeses. Will try to go back soon!
Check the northeast corner near Italmelody for the 24hr fruit and vegetable vendor! Also pay attention to the hand drawn signs to see where your produce is coming from, the blue fleur de lys means you're shopping local. And for lunching try Capitol for prepared foods, or Motta or Milano nearby.
We lived downtown so to get here we had to take the metro which was an adventure of its own but it was easy. Going here gave us a chance to see a bit more of the city and learn that basically no one would speak english to us on purpose outside of the tourist ridden downtown. But I guess it is a part of the experience. The market was very exciting, not as big as expected, but very reminiscent of markets in Europe. The variety of cheeses, spices and fresh produce was so amazing to see and choose from!!
Left with a bag full of goodies. There are samplings all over the place. Make sure you bring a recyclable bag. I promise you will not leave without some fresh produce :-)
I visited this market on a Saturday afternoon in September. It happened to be such a lovely sunny fall day so it made it perfect for the outing. My husband and baby certainly enjoyed strolling down all the aisles with stands brimming with the seasons bounty of vibrant tomatoes, peaches, apples and other wonderful produce. It's awesome how many of the stalls just put out trays of cut samples to taste. You can get almost full tasting the samples. We sampled some really sweet and luscious peaches. I bought a bag thinking we had to eat them all up before crossing the border only to realize they were harvested in the US. Why can't I find yummy peaches like these in my local NYC market?In the scheme of outdoor markets its not the best I've been to but its a great place to get out and experience some fresh foods, people watch and interact with the locals.
I love this place. You have everything you need in one area. Fresh veggies, fruits, spices, meats, olives... and it goes on and on.The people are super friendly and helpful. They know what they are talking about. I look forward to going here with my boyfriend and come back with tons of stuff for a quarter of the price... And it's fresh!!!!
What an awesome experience!  Everything looked at tasted so good.  Clean and organized (for an "outdoor" market.  Recommend this to anyone coming to Montreal.  Bring you appetite and try not to drool too much.  ; )
This place is amazing at this time of year when all the fresh fruit and veg is at it's near peak!  Boxes of red peppers, tomatoes, $1 Broccoli heads, fresh blueberries and so much more that you can find anything and everything!  I love this place!
Loved this farmers market.  We were visiting from out of town.  We picked up items for several meals.  They have a wide variety of vendors.  Prices were reasonable.
This place makes for a great weekend outing. So much produce at great prices! I got a plastic grocery bad full of cherry tomatoes for $5, the same thing for grapes. There's this stand that sells big cans of apple sauce that'll last you forever and tastes way better than store bought. They also have apple slushes too yum. Look for the smoothie place not far from where you first come in, all made fresh. Makes a good breakfast if you go in the morning. There's lots of other kiosks and stands that I haven't tried yet, but look great.
We came in the offseason and a lot of vendors had shut down already. However, we were able to still find great prices on maple syrup, found plenty of exotic cheeses, fish, homemade pasta, plenty of fruit and open bakeries and cafes. Would like to go in the summer sometime!
Cute and organized market that has many options to eat if you are hungry I walked around the farmer's market and everything was neat and looked fresh. I ventured to a small cafe for a Portuguese egg tart paired with a espresso. The egg tart was sweet and soft. I also ordered a St. Viateur bagel with cream cheese. The bagels there are denser and chewier than the ones I'm used to. Lastly, I tried a maple toffee macaroon. It had good maple flavor.
Holy Crap! Holy Crap Squared!I never thought a famer's market like this existed until I came to Marché Jean-Talon in Montreal. As a tourist whose friend insisted we had to visit this market, I was skeptical that it would stand out from any old market found in any old city and thought, "Is this really worth my time on my much-needed vacation?" Answer: hell, yes if you're a foodie!There were dozens upon dozens of vendors and stalls that sold everything under the sun-- maple syrup, honey, fish, produce, meat, dairy, bread and pastries, crepes,-- plus an area for flowers and plants and an area for shoppers to sit and snack on goodies.But what I love the most about this market are the cut-up fruit samples with each section of fruit- an ingenious idea to lure shoppers into tasting one piece of fruit then pulling out a plastic bag and loading up on a pound or two of it. Oh New York City, I love you but you are so behind.
farmer's markets are open everyday except major holidays. i LOVE that concept!! this is by large one of the largest farmer's markets in the area. if not the largest. it's got a great european vibe to it with its rustic canopy and eclectic treats and vendors. there is a large section dedicated to just produce. what i love about the produce setup is that they display an abundance of samples in a easy to reach way. all beautifully placed and organized. there is another section for gardens and gardening. there is another section for baked goods, drinks, coffees..another for actual marketsanother for built in mom n pop shops selling just cured meats, fresh seafood, cheeses, sausages... a huge mix of stuff. easily spend at least an hour just drinking it all in. ;)
xxxx
great
A great place for fresh fruit directly brought to you from the farms. You can always try before buying. During summer is a good season to pick up some fruits and also vegetable.
What a selection! Anything you would want out of produce is available from 10 different booths. Plus they have lots of warm and yummy treats inside. Seems like a fantastic resource for the neighborhood. You could spend a couple hours shopping.
Came back here this summer & wow what a difference.So much more stuff, and you can taste samples everywhere. I know, it makes sense that it is more packed with tasty goods when it's the right season...derp.I'm happy I gave it another try, but will only go here during late spring/early summer, to avoid disappointment.
What a fun way to understand how Montrealeans may shop for their Sunday supper!A few eateries inside the market and many many more surrounding on the perimeter streets. Be sure to stroll through the neighborhood.
I love farmer's market. There are quite a few throughout Montreal, but the Marche Jean-Talon is one of the best known. The sizable market is next to the Jean-Talon metro station, there are aisles and aisles of fresh, delicious fruits and veggies, organized and extremely clean. I'm a huge lover of fruits and this place is heavenly. The fruits here are just beautiful, the baskets of strawberries and oranges are ample and perfect, there are no defective ones. Everything has great quality and is cheap!
Decent choice of sausages at William Walter Saucissier, proper bread at Joe la croûte, excellent Champagne (Selection des Mousquetaires) made in Quebec at Marché des Saveurs, perfect goat cheese from Chevrerie du Buckland, more cheese and smart service at Fromagerie Qui Lait Cru, crazy pecan & cranberry tart from La Fournée des Sucreries de l'Erable, and any of the fabulous organic meat from Boucherie Saint-Vincent.Other than that, Jean Talon Market a very sad and overrated place. The fish offerings are lame at best, fruits and vegetables are a vast joke of cookie-cutter merchants selling stuff from the same wholesalers. You have a better chance of finding locally grown garlic at IGA or Metro than at Marché Jean-Talon. When summer comes though, there's that one guy selling perfect organic garlic and herbs during a precious few weeks. He's not hard to find.
heaven on earth.not the best market in the world, but it's pretty freaking amazing.central to what makes montreal, well montreal.
Good selection but not great. The free samples are a nice touch. The produce seems pretty fresh. It's a good place to kill some time.
This is the spot in Montreal. Fresh food, awesome shops, and great people. Have an ice-cream before you leave!
I went during early summer and had a fantastic time exploring the market. The produce vendors carry the most garden-fresh and unwilted vegetables and fruits and allow you to sample each. The market shops also sell meat, fish, cheese, sausage, bread, pastries, and other delicacies. It is in the northern end of the city and is easy to get to by métro.
Jean Talon Market was one of the must-visit places on my weekend gateway last weekend.  I am so glad that we were able to check out the market before they closed.  The market is huge!  There are butchers, fresh produce stores, bakeries and fish mongers surrounding the actual market.Walking in the market, you are overwhelmed with the different types of produce, cheeses and meats.  Prices were reasonable considering you are getting fresh items from farmers/local producers.  We were able to get some end of day sales when we came an hour before closing.They have the famous Maison Premiere bakery, I could not resist and had to get some sweet treats for the car ride home.There is ample parking in the area and the Jean-Talon metro station is walking distance.Check Jean Talon Market if you are every in the Montreal area!
Very lively, not too crowded. It's better than Atwater and is more accessible. Free wi-fi and ample seating. I wish there were just a few more options for food & coffee. I would stop by here if I was in the area, but I wouldn't make it a destination unless you were from out of town. Reminds me of Pike Place in Seattle.
The best large market I've ever been to.  Hands down.Kind vendors willing to give samples, a taco bar, amazing produce, a store filled with dried mushrooms, stations for cheeses, meats.  Really anything you could ever want to eat, Jean-Talon has it.  And it's always going to be fresh!
On our first day in Montreal, our group came to Jean-Talon to check out all the different foods that were available. The basic gist is that there is one main building that houses a variety of different shops - in particular a good number of butchers - as well what looks like a produce aisle further down. The whole market is surrounded by a few vendors outside, as well as lots of little shops that surround the main lot. It's not like the indoor markets I've been to in the U.S., such as Reading Terminal in Philadelphia or Chelsea Market in NYC, but it's got a good enough amount of space that it never feels crowded (which those others can at times). The one thing I wasn't a huge fan of was that there seemed to be a lot of repetitiveness when it came to what the butchers were selling - lots of places selling the same kinds of meats, and a number of fruit and veggie stands not really standing out. That said, the places that we did go to were fabulous. There was a beer store that also happened to sell an incredibly delectable maple and beer-soaked ham that tasted absolutely phenomenal. Paired with a very fresh baguette we bought at one of the bread shops, as well as a brie-like cheese that was covered in raspberries and a slightly stinky cheddar from a cheese shop, made for a very delicious lunch. I also had a chocolate chip cookie from one of the bakeries that was made using maple sugar...that was a pretty great combo, and I've had many delicious cookies in my time. On the disappointing side, I got a slightly burnt cinnamon and sugar crepe on the way out which I am pretty sure I was overcharged for.In all, there are plenty of good places within Jean-Talon to check out. On balance, you're not going to find winners everywhere, but there are plenty of very delicious places to check out. For the most part, things seemed reasonably priced, and it's easy enough to find a spot on the curb to savor your findings if it's nice weather outside.
Great place to meander around and pick up a few things here and there while tasting the produce before buying it. Note: Creperie had a very long line. I am guessing they were all tourists, as the crepes were  the worst I've had in Montreal.
We did the damn thing at Jean-Talon market. You can sample a lot of the fresh fruit and veggies in season as you browse through the market. It gets crazy after 12 especially if it's nice outside. We got fresh cheese, veggies, and some beer and sat ourselves down to nom in a nearby park. Then we went back in for more, like kids in line at a waterpark. We wanted to keep eating and lazing in the sun, but after so much browsing, one needs a nap. This is just one of those experiences you HAVE to fit in when you visit Montreal. Don't forget to bring cash!
I am a foodie.  I seek out local markets when I travel like others seek out fancy shopping.  So I spent a very rainy afternoon here enjoying the local flavor.  There is something for everyone.........cheeses, meats, maple syrup at great prices.  Very much worth a visit for everyone.
Is there anything better to do on a sunny day than stroll through the market, buy what looks good, and leisurely snack on your purchases at picnic table and do a little people watching in the middle of all the action?  I picked up some fresh macaroons, strawberries and some coffee and had a great breakfast.... all while contemplating the hurdles in the way of me living in Montreal.  Something to think about....I would recommend using the subway to get here.  Parking looked scarce.  Highly recommend!
One of the biggest highlights of staying in Petite Italie for a week is that Marche Jean-Talon was literally right around the corner.  We found ourselves there at least a couple of times a day, either picking up some produce, cheese, fish, or hitting one of the bakeries nearby.The selection is outstanding, and the prices were not exorbitant.  It's hard not to be inspired as you wander through, and its hard to wander through without buying several things.  There are plenty of samples to try, and all of the merchants are very nice and welcoming.A must if you are in the area!
Somehow I had never gotten to this place on previous visits to Montreal.  Jean-Talon is a combination farmer's market and festival marketplace, though it is not hokily touristy.  Produce items display a variety of prices (and values) and unlike most produce markets I've seen in Anglo North America, the fruits and vegetables are displayed decoratively with Gallic flair.  The non-produce food shops, however, are definitely priced for tourists and do not offer any bargains.It is very colourful and a nice place to photograph even if you don't buy anything.
I fell in love with this market in about 3 seconds.  Just so you know, this place is way better than atwater market.  Get on the metro and go!Wandering up and down the isles was just a feast for the eyes as well as the nose.  Everything looked so good.  Took a little time just wandering around and then collected a few edibles for a picnic lunch.  Some berries from one stall, some lovely bread from another, some great local cheese and some amazing smoked fish.  The best thing was asking the woman working in the fish stall what was her favorite and getting some amazing things.  I cry every day now wishing i could get some more of the fish from this stall.  Do you think they will ship 1500 miles away?  The prices here are much better than the ones at atwater.  so great for putting something together.  Would love to spend a week just trying all the prepared food and cheese stalls around the edge, but alas I was just a tourist.  If I actually lived in Montreal, I would be here every weekend during the summer.
A must see in Montreal.  I can't say much that hasn't been said before. Great produce, meats and cheeses.  There are all types of unique Quebec products and gifts.  Plus, lots and lots of free samples.  Schedule about half a day (if it's Summer), relax and have lunch.  The crepes are recommended. If you miss this market, you are selling your trip short.
Man, after walking all the way from downtown to the market (like 3.5 miles) I was praying it would live up to my expectations. I was hot, tired, and hungry. And was glad when it did.It was great here! Exactly what I want to do on a lovely, sunny day - be outside, enjoy the sights and sounds, and feel part of a community (even if it's not my own). The vendors are nice, the produce is fresh, there are free samples EVERYWHERE, the baked goods are divine, and there is much to see throughout the entire market.
My favourite farmer's market I've ever been to and I haven't even visited in the spring or summer - once in October and once in November.When I first got to this market I just wandered around for the first hour trying to process everything. There is so. much. food!! I'm from Southwestern Ontario and have had to adjust to the different fruits and vegetables that grow well this far north (Essex County peaches, how I miss you!) and visiting in October was fun because for me spring and fall produce are where Quebec really shines. The squash, pepper, leek, onion, apple and cranberry selection was out of this world. They had green tomatoes for sale which I love and is the logical thing to do at the end of the summer. I caught the end of mushroom season on my first visit and picked up several kinds of wild mushrooms I've never had before and the stall owner was so helpful in explaining how to prepare and cook them (they were so delicious). When we went back in November I was able to find beautiful jerusalem artichokes for a much better price than I've found them in Ottawa. Although everyone speaks French first they're quick and happy to switch to English to help if you need them to, and patient if you'd like to practice your French. As if the produce wasn't enough, there are also butchers, cheese shops, charcuterie stands (Cochons tout ronds is my favourite! The L'Akota is a must-try.), a phenomenal spice vendor, cookbook and kitchen shops, fishmongers and patisseries. Several shops offer prepared food, from fresh-fried calamari, fresh-shucked oysters (they were in season), sandiwches, pastas, burgers, rotisserie meats... I didn't try any but boy was I tempted. Surrounding the Marché Jean-Talon are even more food shops, all of which are delightful. I'm sure I'm forgetting something - there's just so much there!If you are a cook or a foodie in Montreal and you don't visit this market, you are cheating yourself. It's worth taking the Metro ride or a drive up to visit no matter what part of the city you're in.
One of our favorite destinations when we visited Montreal. I've never been to a farmer's market with items that were as fresh and yet affordable as Marche Jean-Talon.As others have mentioned, if you're not a local it can be a little difficult to find right out of the metro. When you're on the right block though, there is a sign that will point you in the right direction but of course you have to get to that point first. Just make use of the many maps that are posted around you on the streets of Montreal! And of course it's useful to know that the marche is on Henri-Julien and Jean-Talon.Vendors have samples and everything is surprisingly sugary. Fresh, beautiful produce - fruit and vegetables alike - are all very affordable especially compared to prices I'm seeing here in NY. I admittedly didn't have enough brain power to even wrap my mind around the meats, honeys, flowers, and snacks that the market offers, but from what I could see everything was perfect. Most everyone I saw there, from what I could tell, were locals which is always a plus when you visit any city!Love this place and if we were staying in lodging with a kitchen I would definitely have purchased a few bags worth of groceries. But we had to make do with the samples! Mmm can't wait to go back - my stomach is already cursing at me for leaving.
What a wonderful place!!! My only gripe is that there was no sign coming out of the Jean Talon metro station to point you the right way to the market. Easy for locals but a little confusing for visitors like me.  Thankfully nice folks pointed me the right direction. It was about a 10 minute walk to the market and I didn't expect it to be so huge!  Love the fruits and vegetables selection, everything looked beautiful and even laid out perfectly!  The flowers were gorgeous too.  There were all these little cafes for a leisurely lunch. I was really impressed with the "rent a bicycle" station next to the market.  There's no such thing in California, at least not a do-it-yourself type of thing. Montreal keeps impressing me over and over again!
What a wonderful farmer's market!  You name it, they've got it.Fresh cheese, fruits, veggies, plants, cheese, meat, pastries, bread, and did i say cheese???me + 13 of my pals headed to the farmer's market, and with $20 Canadian apiece and an hour ran around the farmer's market to put together the best picnic feast we possibly could.  Some of us went a little past the $20 mark (I spent over $20 on 2 giant blocks of pressed cheese curds alone - see review for La fromagerie Hamel), but we came out with one hell of a feast!  Polish donuts, cheese curds, fois gras, pates and baguettes, tomatoes, cherries, ground cherries, apricots, peaches, plums, mangos, fortune cookies... if you can think of something that sounds fresh and amazing, we probably purchased and consumed it (we spent the next 3 days grazing on these delicacies).the real enticing thing about this market is the samples - EVERYWHERE.  that things smell fresh, that you can taste the slightly salted cukes and tomatoes, and you can nibble on slices of the perfectly ripe fruits.  When I was trying the pressed cheese curds (which I've never had before - only in straight curd-form), the woman slicing it probably gave me another $3 worth of cheese just in enormous samples.Watch out, Jean Talon - the next time I come to Montreal, you may just find that I've moved in.
Wonderful marketplace with quality produce, meats, wines, cheeses, and much more.I came there in the late summer and came home with countless vegetables and meats I had never tried before. I was also able to find several neat gifts to bring back to California with me, including of course lots of genuine Maple Syrup.No doubt the best marketplace I've been to.
I'm really glad we made the trip out to the farmer's market on our last day.  Since we didn't get a chance to pick-up some poutine we grabbed a bucket at Frites Alores.  It was as delicious as I remembered it.  The market is a good size and very clean, friendly and open.  We couldn't bring too much back with us to NH so we grabbed a baguette.  The line was long but they moved everyone through quickly.  They even humored my attempt at ordering in French. If I lived in Montreal I'd probably shop here regularly.  It gets busy but it was worth it!
Wow, what an awesome market!  We really enjoyed walking here, price shopping and picking up a few healthy snack options.  Our French could be better as some here didn't speak much but the folks were helpful and assisted us greatly.  They have wifi but the signal can be isolated to just a few spots if you need to do any uploading.  Make sure to bring cash as not many take plastic.  It's a short walk from the Metro.
Used to hate coming here as a kid, when my mother would drag me here to buy tons & tons of stuff. Now, a very different story.... love the REAL honey, super duper, FRESH picked lettuces... wish I coud find the stall that sold "black" lettuce... so tasty.As for the rest of the produce, check your weekly circulars, as you'll find the same produce on sale for better prices elsewhere. I remember how cheap it was long before it became oh so chic to shop at open markets! I do love coming here though, one of my little oasises of calm and relaxation.
I heart Farmer's Markets and when I read there was one in Montreal, I decided to add it to my list of things to see. We took the Metro to the Jean-Talon stop and when you exit, you want to make sure you head towards St. Denis Street or if you see the Tim Horton's, you're in the right direction. There are no signs pointing you in the right direction so after walking in the wrong direction for about 5 minutes, we started asking people for directions.Once we finally got there, our senses were stimulated! There were booths and booths of places to eat at as well as try samples of cheese or meat or organic products. In the center of the market is a sit down area filled with picnic tables. The tables split the area between the food and the flowers and produce.We walked everywhere; in between the aisles of flowers and in front of fruit and vegetable selling booths. If you're not interested in any of the food inside the market, make sure to walk the perimeter and you'll find other places to eat at.I can definitely see why the locals come here for their shopping! I would too if I lived close by!
One of the best things about Montreal!Great way to spend a sunny day.Make sure to bring bags and bring an appetite! Amazing food stands everywhere.My favorites:-Oyster bar-Fried Calamari-Smoothies -Trying the fresh fruit :)
A little out of the way in Little Italy, but I thought it was worth it. I love open air markets so this was a must-see for me. Or rather, must -eat. The northern part of the market was meat shops, a wine stall, and a juice bar. There were a couple of cafes, but about half the shops, including a creperie, were closed on a Tuesday morning. The southern part of the market is fruit, vegetable, herbs stands with a smattering of maple syrup, jellies, canned fruits, and caramel candies mixed in. Lots of fresh fruits/veggies to choose from and samples to taste, too. My partner and I were hunting for breakfast, reminiscing about our breakfasts at the market in Barcelona. This place is not as lively. We found croissants at one of the cafes across the street from the market - perfectly buttery and flaky - and picked up some fruit from the veggie stands. There are a bunch of Viet pho and sandwich shops nearby, too, so this would be a great place to eat.
What an awesome farmer's market. The market is huge with an excellent variety of produce and at bargain prices to boot. In addition to the great produce, you can find maple syrup in multiple grades and tasty cheese in the nearby fromagerie. Must visit.
The biggest farmer's market in Montreal area. Lots of choice, fresh produces, little shops, good snacks. There is fairly cheap parking, but it is paid parking.Could be VERY crowded on weekends.
What is there to say about le Marché Jean-Talon that hasn't been said??I grew up with a mother who religiously woke up at 6am on Saturdays to make her way to the marché with my aunt. She came home with an armful of goodies that I will never forget. Her treks to the marché really developed my palette for fine foods (even though my mother is a remarkable Italian cook who has introduced me to some of the world's most amazing flavors right from our kitchen. Even when we moved to Manhattan when I was 13, she never quite found a place like this. It really is a gathering of hundreds of merchants selling everything from fruits, vegetables, flowers, etc. But the most exciting part is that the outside marché is surrounded by amazing shops, mostly French and Italian.The goodies she would take home were mainly cheese, freshly-made pasta (my mother makes her own pasta still, but there are some that are just hard to make), BREADS, different foods like Bomba (a jar of peppers in olive oil that is just divine), and other produces. My family has become very close to some of the business owners around the marché... Mainly at Milan and some coffee shops around, so whenever I went with them on Saturday, we stopped at the coffee shop for a sandwich (for me... a simple sandwich of charcuterie, so simple yet way above anything you can review on yelp) and stopped next door to GEOX to see our friend and always got some discounts...There are great restaurants around (La fornarina is one that comes to my mind) and honesly Little Italy as a whole alongside the Marché are great places to be, especially during big soccer events.Memories... Even NYC doesn't hold up!
I visited this market in the middle of Winter (end of Nov) and the selection of produce was unbelievable.  Apparently in the summer, the market is completely open air without a roof.  There are shops for meat, cheese, produce, and even a shop dedicated to selling just eggs here.  Or "oeuf" in French.  The plural of ouef?  It's still "ouef."  I'll have a trois ouef omelette, s'il vous plait.  LOL.The egg shop featured all sorts of eggs - your usual multisized chicken eggs, but also duck eggs, quail eggs, and a single goose egg, or "oeuf oie", which was about four times as large as a chicken egg.One particularly impressive vendor has dozens of plates of free samples of the fruit in that section, and I found myself sneaking a piece of pineapple every single time I walked by.  Well their strategy worked, because I soon found myself carrying two pineapples onto the Metro subway, letting everyone and their cousin know that I just spent my afternoon shopping for "ananas".
This is the local market to visit in Montreal.  Other markets exist but pale in comparison to the size and quality of the Jean-Talon Market.  Winter or summer the selection of available products is impressive.  The first thing I like to do is visit Premiere Maison and select a tasty pastry to quench my hunger, I usually grab a baguette or some other loaf of bread while I'm there. Fresh bread is irresistible and Premiere Maison is one of the best bakeries in the city. After that I take my time perusing the fruits and vegetables looking for that something special.  Along the way I buy some locally produced unpasteurized apple juice, the perfect breakfast drink.  Continuing my journey I peruse the various meat and cheese vendors that are permanent fixtures in the market.  I inevitably select a few cheeses to pair with my bread and try to get out of the market without emptying my bank account.
One of many great things in Montreal, Outdoor, indoor markets! You can choose which one to go - there are 4 of them so choose whatever near from your place marchespublics-mtl.comSpecially during Spring, Summer and Fall, it gets bigger than during the Winter - of course, who wants to shop when it's -20C(0F) outside?- But still during winter, it's super nice place to go.  European ambiance, french veggies, fishes, meat, special meat, cheese, Quebecois foods and wines, apple wine and juices and etc. I love Atwater and Jean-Talon both but Jean -Talon is bigger and there are more free tasting goods- you can fill your stomach with every fruits, veggies, cheese... It's nice place to buy groceries but also if you are tourist and wants to feel European atmosphere, you should go to this market also!
Great, great market with terrific vendors and specialty shops. The produce is gorgeous, although I do question where it comes from, since it is very often not seasonal to Montreal. Great place to stroll around and pick up something for dinner. The shop at the back specializing in Canadian goods is a great place to pick up souvenirs for the folks back home.
What could be negative about a farmers market in the middle of town?Fruits, vegetables, meats, specialty foods, even an SAQ! My personal favorite way of visiting the market is by scooter. I just put put through the rows around the people, park wherever I want, and be on my marry way with a booty of fresh produce within minutes.
Came here on a a recommendation from katie j. Loved all the generous free samples of fresh fruit and vegetables. Everything was delicious! Not too much in the surrounding area, but still a nice stop to check out the scene. The fresh, organic popsicles were amazing. Hubby and I tried the mango coco.
I meanYou can't be mad at thisI don't know how it doesn't have five stars all aroundThis place is the jam!All the fruits and veggies availableAnd the side stores selling seafood, meats, baked goodies, spices, charcuterie, cheeses.... It was quite a delight to come hereIt will be hard not to find a ingredient in this spotAnd prices are fair
I was awestruck by the bounty of fresh and vibrant produce at Marché Jean-Talon. The produce was beautifully displayed in several stalls under a massive tent. All of the fruits that I sampled were bursting with flavor - if only I could shop here every weekend (it's even better than San Francisco's Ferry Plaza)! The perimeter of the market is also surrounded by specialty shops selling cheese, pastries, meats, and anything else your heart could desire.Needless to say, I was giddy as I walked around sampling all the wonderful food at Marché Jean-Talon. I loooove this place! I also went to Marché Atwater during my visity, but it's much smaller and more crowded with tourists than Marché Jean-Talon. [Tip: Marché Jean-Talon is further from Montreal's downtown center, but an easy trip on the subway with its own stop.]
I love their fresh produce, fresh fruit, fresh local meat, cheese, pates, etc....there a a lot of nice restaurants and cafes in the surrounding areas...this is the best place to buy stuff for a picnic....located only 3 blocks from the Jean-Talon metro stop, it is convenient and colorful...
Surprisingly, the highlight of my trip to Montreal wasn't getting served tater tots by a naked waitress.  Yes, as lovely as tater tots and tits are, it was the farmer's market Marché Jean-Talon that stood out to me.Marché Jean-Talon is truly one of Montreal's gems.  It is a farmer's market on steroids.  There's got to be about 30-40 stalls, bustling with life and energy, and a ton of great fresh locally sourced food.You've got just about everything under one huge tent.  From bakeries, to butcher shops, cheese shops, plants, flowers, and just about every fresh fruit and vegetables imaginable.  Nothing short of amazing. The best part is just sampling all of the cut up fruit at every stand.  You'll probably be able to satisfy your daily intake of fruit just making one round around Marché Jean-Talon.For an epically chill day, I'd recommend taking a stroll through Marché Jean-Talon, it'll literally do a body good with all the free fruit you get to eat.
Every time I come to Montreal this is a must stop market. The last time I went it was in mid-March and the pickings were "slim", however in the summertime the market expands to nearly twice the size which means twice the amount of food to gawk at. Furthermore, this time I tried their freshly prepared food. Last time I just meandered through the stalls sampling their fresh produce but this time I sat down to enjoy a nice, raw oyster, my very FIRST raw oyster. As a foodie this is an experience I will always remember and for most people who enjoy food, they will always remember their first raw oyster. It was briny, delicious, and most importantly FRESH. I'm not going to make this lengthy (at least try not to), so I'll sum it up as this. If there were anywhere you'd want to try your first raw oyster, do it here.
Pay a visit to the Jean Talon market if you're in Montreal.  It's a beautiful sight of fresh produce, as well as fresh and high quality seafood and other meats.  Not to mention the array of pastries, breads, and a great maple kiosk where you can get the giant cans of pure Quebecois maple syrup,  and jars of maple butter, or trays of maple candy/bon bons. I went into one of the walk-in stores within the market (gosh, forgot the name), but you'll know it once you're there.  They have incredible fresh bread displayed, and shelves of cookies, jams, chocolate and caramel toppings, and other local goodies - great souvenir stop!  I bought a small package of maple diamante/cookies and they are so pure and delicious!  The ingredients list is basically the simple homemade ingredients of butter, sugar, maple syrup, flour, etc.  Nothing chemical-ridden.  They also have fresh pastries and sandwiches, I believe.  The Jean Talon market itself is well worth the short trip.  If your hotel is in the downtown area, it's a tad of a maneuver to get here (I had to take the bus), but there is a metro stop right near it.  Granted, I did take the bus first to St. Viateur bagels, and perhaps that is why I was unable to take the metro on the way in. :)  The price of the produce is quite hefty, but you do see the quality.  I'm not sure I'd be able to shop here often if I lived in Montreal, but I sure would be here enough to provide a feast for my eyes.
FANTASTIC!  5|                                    +   +   +  +  +  +  +  +  +                           |                                 +                                        4|                              +                                               |                           +                                                  3|                       +                              MEDIOCRE      |                   +                                                              2|               +                                                                       |           +                                                                              1|       +                                                                                       |     +                                                                         NASTY!    0|_+ _______________________________                                 Overall experience at Marché Jean-TalonAbsolutely wonderful farmers market. I would go here everyday if I could.   If you love food, this place will amaze you--it is just teeming with so many fresh fruits, veggies, meats, prepared foods, flowers, etc. Prices are reasonable too! Bring ca$h!
I like to think if I were a Montreal local, I would trek out to le Marché Jean-Talon for all my produce needs.& not just produce, either - but fresh pastas, fish or meat (if you're into that type of thing), jams, flowers, cheeses, honey, & maple syrup.Like Megan S., I enjoy gawking & fruits & vegetables.  This is especially true when they are arranged in rows & clumps of similar types.  Also, they have samples cut up for you to sample.  Let's be honest - a bite of peach will make me want at least 4 peaches in my bag to take with me.
The duck and smoked meat sandwiches are great!! The fruits also seem really fresh, but I didn't buy much. There's a large selection and a lot of cute places to explore.
If you have an open mind and a healthy taste pallet, plan to visit this market with an empty stomach (the only mistake that I made was thinking this would be a produce purchasing market only and not a plethora of eateries within it). In the short time we were visiting Jean Talon Market, my wife and I had: fresh somosa's and authentic Argentinian empanada's from Resto Le Tartarin, apple slushies from Bel Horizon's apple stand, a grilled sausage dog from Balkani Meat Market and macaroons from Point G. There were still tons of other places we wanted to try but were trying to make our way to an actual restaurant for lunch and didn't want to completely ruin our appetites. This place is a must-see in Montreal.
The most awesome place to buy excellent and fresh food ever!The fish is very fresh and tasty.  There are butchers with organic meats that are the tastiest I have found.  The fruits are delicious, and as others have said the samples they give are ingenious because as soon as you taste them, you buy that fruit!The whole atmosphere is very laid back and if the weather is nice outside it makes for a perfect couple of hours just walking around and enjoying everything.
My last stop now during my last three trips to Montreal.  A great place for all those last minute gift ideas from the "real" maple syrup, honey and Cidre de Glace to amazing snacks for the plane.Beats the duty free shop any day (and with the way the customs works coming into the US from Canada and YUL, let's just say you can take some liberties if you check luggage.....)
I was in Montreal on a Christmas getaway from New York with a friend - and decided to assemble foodstuff for our Christmas Eve Dinner from this highly-raved about Marché! Visiting this marché was one of the highlights of my one-week long trip in Montreal and Toronto.I read through all the Yelp reviews on this place to fish out all the must-visit stalls to make sure that I did not miss out on getting any delish produce from this indoor Marché. This Marché was not as large as expected. You could probably cover the whole place in under an hour if you know what and where you are looking for. So where you should visit:(1) Premiere Moisson - a very popular patisserie and boulangerie which is found in a separate "cabin" at the part of the marché. The baked goods and pastries which it had to offer were AMAZING and mouth-watering. I felt like I was transported to a popular PAT+BOU place in Paris instantly! Remember to get a ticket number for the patisserie section and watch out for your number (instead of ogling over the euphoria-inducing pastries which was what we did ...)We bought the following pastries:- creme brûlée, profiterole, strawberry cheesecake and praline buchette. all of them tasted really great!!!! The strawberry cheesecake was slightly dry ... and so could be more perfect.We bought a tub of mushroom soup from its cold section - the soup was very delicious with small little bits of mushroom scattered amidst its thick potato base! Together with the soup and pastries, we acquired a loaf of bâtard which was the best best best best french bread I had in my life.(2) Fromagerie Hamel - located outside of the marche, locate it by exiting via the exit next to the only crepe place in the marche! Bought some meat loaf, a slab of blue cheese and apple cider. Everything was so good! Quality stuff!(3) Pain Doré - also outside of the marche. If we had not gone crazy and bought an insane amount of stuff from Premiere Moisson, I would have bought some bread and tarts from this bakery. They had some jams out for sampling ... tried its caramel jam. It was so brilliant!!!!I felt really happy the entire time I was in the marché and its vicinity - this place brimmed with freshness and quality! Tourists and Montrealers alike should visit this place! I am so sad that I would not be back in Montreal to visit this marché again!
A wonderful farmer's market with a dizzying array of pastries, charcuterie, fromages, fresh produce and, of course, a cast of characters. I still do love rochester's market though ;)
Jean Talon has everything I look for in a market - local produce, lots of samples, and clean public bathrooms. The market also has numerous places to get a meal or snacks and chocolates and other comestibles. The neighbourhood around the market is busy, and near 5 pm the traffic was the worst I've seen in Montreal. It was much calmer midday.
This is one of the greatest Market. You're a tourist looking for some Quebec product you won't found anywhere else? Alright now here's a list of my personnal favorite and I think, a must!!Agneau de Kamouraska (Kamouraska sheep.) The best sheep you'll ever eat and you can find it at: Prince Noir open all year long.Marché Des Saveurs: This is THE place for local product. The local micro-brewery beer ask Mathieu for some help he's a pro with beer. Cheese from Quebec (try the Valbert, the Migneron, The Cantonier, The Baluchon, The 2 years Perron Cheddar, the St-Guillaume Fresh Cheddar , The Grand Manitou (3 milk well balanced cheese),  at Hamel. Chez Louis for some extraordinary quality fruits vegetable . In the real tradition of quality, the owners haves some of the best place with some phenomenal importations. Not to mention the possibility to get some Truffle Noires from them at a modest price of 4500$ /kilo (2.2lbs). William Sausages. Some delicate and real quality sausages. Try the Swish cheese sausage.The Mango and Goat cheese sausage ; weird but good. Need some breakfast sausage? Apple and Bacon is a must. Atkins brothers Mapple Salmon litlte bouchée is a must! I thought it was a tourist trap the Mapple-ization of everything is typical of a Canadian Tourist Trap but this absolutely good! Enjoy!
Yes, there are some shops that are unique and sells amazing products (Qui Lait Crû, Marché Des Saveurs...), but overall, it's too crowded, and their prices is a bit high compared to nearby shops like Metro.
This reminds me of a larger version of the Soulard market in St. Louis that I grew up with. It brings back childhood memories of wandering through what seems an endless maze of smells, sights and sounds, and my senses are all a-tingle and my sense of nostalgia returns when I go to either of these places! The confusion I had at a young age with negotiating prices is also recreated in my lack of fluency in French, but half of the enjoyment I have is just taking in my surroundings. It's also fun to cross the border with stowed veggies in my trunk while pretending to be an international produce smuggler, but.... that could just be me!
GREAT market! Utopia for food lovers.
Why do places seem so much bigger in your memory? It has been nine long years since I last explored the marche. And I recall a massive market teeming with coffee, produce, maple syrup and apples galore. Today, it is all of the above, just not so massive.Great prices. Like really great. We are horribly ripped off in Vancouver. I seriously considered lugging back four litres of fresh apple juice on the plane home tomorrow. I still might!
Wow... I wish they had a place like this in NYC.  I'd set up a tent outside and never leave.  This is an incredible market.  The variety and quality of the food available is amazing... and the prices seem quite reasonable considering.  I was there for hours and felt like I didn't have enough time to explore.  I sampled a lot of produce and ate at a few of the restaurants around the market.  Well done Montreal!!
If you love farmer's markets, this is the place for you.  It's absolutely packed with fresh produce, cheese-vendors and people cooking for you right in front of you with fresh ingredients.  Also, the produce is incredibly cheap here.  We saw a 20 lb. box of tomatoes for $10.There is a bakery as soon as you get off the elevator from the below-ground parking lot which sells some of the most delicious cookies ever.  I think they use milk chocolate but this was seriously one of the best cookies I have had.  Definitely get one!Parking - Parking on the street is tricky, especially when the signs are in French and your French is pitifully deficient.  Instead, park in the below-ground parking structure.  It's $.50 for every 30 minutes and really quite affordable for Montreal.
Really excellent market. I would mirror what John B. has said: this is a market that has lots and lots of stuff in it. Good quality stuff overall, but selection wins out over total quality across the board; few rotten apples in every barrel, eh? (look at me using  "eh" like I'm actually Canadian.) But why is there no emphasis on locally produced foods? There are plenty of farms in Quebec...I've seen 'em. So why the same apples trucked in from Washington state?The draw here, I think, are the shops in the back of the market: a full assortment of local and specialized foods. And a cookbook store!Crazy ass parking and mad crowds on weekends. The restroom was amazingly clean, all things considered, after the mass of humanity swept through. And OMFG take the Metro.
Montréal's largest farmers market. Great place to go on Saturday's but be forewarned that it will be packed especially during the summer and harvest season. There are a ton of stands (if I had to guess I'd say there are about a hundred). Only there's a slight problem, the reason this place lost a star is that most of the stands are not really run by farmers but middle men. You can tell this because multiple vendors sell the exact same produce (same boxes!) and this destroys the feeling of a farmers marked. At this point I would have only awarded 3 stars.Of course, there are some very redeeming qualities. Some of the stands (I'd say about half) are actually run by farmers and offer great produce for dirt cheap prices. (Note: many of the vendors sell produce in small buckets and you pay for the bucket, a lot of vendors will try to sneak less then perfect or downright rotten produce in the bottom so make sure you check out everything in the bin.) Not only is there produce but there are cheese vendors, meat vendors and egg vendors. A big plus to Jean-Talon is that the farmer's stands are ringed by stores. My favorites are the Italian deli, the fromagerie, Qui Lait Cru (review coming soon) and the sausage store (the name escapes me).This is a great place to spend a saturday/sunday afternoon shopping for dinner ingredients. You could easily spend a couple of enjoyable hours here.
love it - a great place for locals and tourists alike! lots of produce (and samples), interesting meat markets (including horse meat!), my favorite were the spices market filled with a huge variety of international spices (multiple types of white pepper, tried my first pink and green peppers, friendly and helpful service). definitely try the bahai - fried curry with veggie dough that was freshly cooked to order (it's in the back of one of the spices store - go up some stairs and get a good helping for only $3 - try out some hot sauces with it). also loved the crepes - get the savory since they'll use the buckwheat batter. and there's a cute gift shop that offers a good selection of things to bring home to family and friends, including maple beer (way too sweet but definitely interesting!)/
Well worth the trip to see this market.  Took the metro from the hotel and after wandering around for a bit finally found it.  We loved this place.  Wish there was one like it at home. Samples of fruit, cheese at the stands. Fish, meat, condiments,bread, everything you need for a complete meal and not expensive.  I only wish that we were able to cook while in Montreal, it would have been wonderful.
I love this market.I could seriously spend the whole day here eating my way around. The produce was so vivid and fresh, it was fun just to look at; but the joy is in sampling each vendor's offerings. Some of the highlights were trying fruits I've never heard of and eating imported figs from Greece, which are not cheap by the way. I was also particularly impressed by the meat market at Prince Noir. They have butchered literally every animal... so gruesome, yet so awesome. They also run a rotisserie of chickens and turkey legs. Very tasty. Honorable mentions include the cheese store, fish market, and crepe stand. Definitely coming back.Tips: Bring a shopping basket!
After shopping here it becomes difficult to continue buying produce from the local grocery stores. Everything is so fresh and tasty. Jean-Talon market is a great place to spend an afternoon.
One could not create a more perfect urban market, integrated into the urban landscape like a charm. Compared to other Canadian marchés - there is simply no parallel to Jean Talon. The open-air set up immediately changes the feeling of Jean-Talon from St.Lawrence Market and Granville Island. The shopping experience is more closely aligned to outdoor markets around the globe. For this reason, I've given Jean-Talon four stars.
Veni, vendi, pici: I came, bought, picnic-ed.
I just love this place...specially in late August early September. Then it gets magical with all the stalls bursting with produce, the colours, the smells, the sounds. I've been going to the JT market for over a decade. My personal favorites are the following:Fromagerie Hamel - Best selection of Quebec cheeses with knowledgeable staffBoucherie Prince Noire - A bit pricey but you'll find whatever meat of good to excellent quality you can think of there.Les potagers Mont-Rouge (seasonal) - Great selection of high quality local produce - large variety of squash and tomatoes.Olives & Épices  - pricey but you'll find any good quality spice you wantTortilla store - Freshly made tortillas and other Mexican productsMotta - Italian grocery store at the edge of the market (Mozart street) - Excellent tomato pizzas, great Italian ready-made dishes, very good cannolis. As noted by other reviewers one needs to be vigilant when buying at the market and know how to spot quality merchandise. Cheap imports are often mixed with local produce of various quality.One doesn't go to this market for lower prices (unless you are buying wholesale quantities) but for the experience and the better quality merchandise some producers offer.Jean-Talon metro, which is close by,  the indoor parking or the Bixi stand make the market easily accessible. The agora area lets you grab a tasty bite, sit and enjoy some of the best people watching in town .If you're visiting, Le marché des Saveurs is the perfect place to find a tasty souvenir. It's like doing an agro-tour of Quebec. You'll find a wide assortment of regional foods - jams, vinegars, mustards, maple syrups (yes, there are many varieties), beers, wines, etc.
Jean-Talon is pretty incredible when the market is full with vendors. During colder months, it is more or less empty. Many vendors offer samples. You can even ask to try a variety of something if you're unsure if you'll like it, and usually someone will be willing to slice into some produce to give you a try if they're not offering samples already. You can definitely get some great deals on farm fresh produce and also try some good pre-made food in the food stalls.
Wonderful market, full of ways to spend your entire paycheck.  Friendly vendors, wholesome foods, and lots of options for snacks and/or lunch.  We visit Montreal every summer, and Marché Jean-Talon is always on our list of things to do when we're here.
As Mateo said below, hands down the best outdoor market I've been to on the North American continent. Rows and rows of beautiful produce in the middle, and a fantastic array of shops & eateries rimming the square. I was bowled over.  Any and every culinary wish comes true here. One of my most exciting purchases was a bag of  "cerises de terre", something that I've never seen in America before, sweet, almost candy-like little berries enclosed in a brown papery-leaf shell of sorts. Not every day do you get to encounter a brand new fruit! A great time and a great amount of time was passed gawking at all the market had to offer.
One of the coolest market you'll ever go to!  All the product is local and fresh!  There is a giant indoor and outdoor area where vendors set up their tables!The location is really easy to access too!  It sit right onto of the Jean-Talon metro station!  Great place for fresh food as well as great touristic area!
I love outdoor markets- I think this one rivals the one in San Francisco's Ferry Building farmers market.  As with all farmers markets, it's dominated by locally grown goods, though you have to read the signs/labels carefully, as there *are* some imported goods as well.  Fresh veggies, fruits, herbs, flowers...etc.- all are wonderful amongst the bustling and colorful farmers stands.  I tried the creperie stand in the middle of the market- pretty good- and picked up some baked goods from one of the boulangeries/patisseries, as well as smoked salmon from the fish shop.  YUM.
Great fun, if you like outdoor markets.  Smaller than Pike Place in Seattle, but very good foods.  A decent meal can be had cheaply, and the selection in summer was fantastic and reasonably priced.
Wonderful market specializing in fruits and vegetables (at least when we were there). The heaping plates of samples isn't just a good way to try the goods, but can end up being a meal unto itself if you visit all the stands. We opted to get a pair of nectarines (super ripe), a beautiful tomato, raspberries, and some goat cheese and a freshly baked baguette for a picnic lunch at the Jazz Festival. Absolutely perfect, actually one of the better meals we had during our stay.
As one elderly man remarked as he exited the market "..I've just emerged from a food jungle." You can spend hours touring the vendors and sampling the fresh-cut fruit at each stall. One does not simply tire of Jean-Talon's selection. It is my hope that all cities can one day have a year-round farmers market/food court such as this.
Love this Market!  On every trip to Montreal, I make it a point to come most days.Fresh, fresh produce.  Unlike other "farmers markets", this is not end of life produce, it is really brand spankin' new and luscious.Many of the stalls here are real farmers!  They grow this stuff, it's their life, they just aren't hawking goods.  It's fun to talk to them, and they are happy to explain things and give tastes.  Many have samples out, which you could make a meal out of, but I never leave empty handed.I have seen many fruits and vegetable here that I had never seen or tried before ... like the "cherise de terre" (aka cape gooseberry), which are wonderful by the way.Wonderful cheeses, handmade charcuterie, spices, food stands, good coffee ... ahhh Jean-Talon, tu me manques ...On my most recent visit, they seafood stall had "friture d'eperlans", which are tiny little fried fish (like french fry sized) ... my favorite!  Also, the Montrealers find happiness in little pleasures served at the market; like peak of the season corn, served just-boiled, piping hot, and rolled in butter (like 60% of the people there were walking around eating these).I will return Jean-Talon, don't you worry ;)
If you're in Montreal and love farmer's markets, Jean Talon should definitely be on your list of places to visit. Spent a Saturday morning here getting lost in the fragrant, colorful stands. The market is a photographer's dream. Full of vibrant fruits and vegetables, there's so much to see... and eat! Generous fresh samples abound.The market is definitely crowded on the weekends. Had sit in a good 10 minutes of traffic just to squeeze into the covered parking structure. Definitely worth it though! There's also a BIXI station right outside in case you feel like biking here.Also enjoyed people watching over a cup of coffee and a croissant from one of the sidewalk cafes. There's a large Premiere Moisson boulangerie on edge of the market as well, another good spot for coffee, breads and pastries. Don't waste too much stomach space here though, there's so much more amazing food in the market itself!
People apparently feel very strongly about this market.  And about their reviews of this market.  The major problem with Jean Talon is that it's sometimes easy to confuse quantity with quality.  A lot of the stuff is totally unmemorable.  Call me unenlightened, but I'm unimpressed by the mere existence of 27 fruit stands that all offer dirty, low quality cherries from Washington State.  And I'm really underwhelmed by terrible coffee, even if it's grown in the shade by generously compensated farmers from third world country X.  On the other hand, a lot of stuff is really, really good.  I'm not sure I've ever seen such a wide array of high quality meat in my life.  The local leafy produce is terrific in season.  If the middlemen were eliminated from Jean Talon, the market would probably only be about 1/2 its current size.  The other result would be a separation of chaff from wheat.  I'd give the remaining star then.Oh, yeah.  Boston sucks.
Very expensive for the quality. Yes you might find some good deals, but generally doesn't worth to go there.
The best farmer's market I've seen.  The one in Chapel Hill is pretty good too.  But here, you can get made to order crepes smack in the middle of the market.  The staff behind the counter couldn't understand one word of English but they sure can make a great crepe.  There are also some restaurants, cafes, middle eastern food stands, and a bakery surrounding the market.  Try to come in the morning before the musical acts/street performers set up to do their thing.  It gets kind of noisy once they get going.
If you're visiting Montreal, this should be your very first stop.  Fresh produce as far as the eye can see, and local meat and cheese.There are plenty of little shops around the perimeter if you need some AC or someplace to sit down.  I recommend going first thing in the morning and having breakfast here.Not the cheapest produce you'll find in Montreal, but definitely the freshest and the most fun to buy!
MUST. VISIT. LOCATION. IN. MONTREAL.I don't care what your time constraints are.  Just go.Make a meal out of it!There's a really good gelato place.  The fruits are yum at this farmer's market (it's been claimed that Jean Talon is the largest open air farmer's market in North America).  I'm not sure that I can confidently say it's the largest, but it's definitely one of the best.  It's my fav.  My 2nd fav would be in Portland on the PSU campus.I've also had bison meat on a stick here.  Quoi?  Oui!
The best. Period.
I live on the South Shore but will often 'treat' myself by going to do my weekly groceries at the Market, especially during the summer months. I *adore* walking around, snacking, buying more fresh fruit and veg than i know what to do with! Always comparison shop... the same thing will often vary in price considerably from producer to producer. I always take a list and compare... this of course gives me the excuse of wandering around that much longer! :)  I especially like the little store on the south-east corner of the market, Merci Vrac. They have lots of pantry staples at very good prices, some interesting veg/vegan options (though i'm neither) and the staff are super friendly.
A MUST.Beautiful outdoor market with the most gorgeous arrangement of fruits/ vegetables/general produce I've seen. For those who've seen La Boqueria in Barcelona- this market is the only I've found to rival it.Rows of artfully arranged seasonal produce turns a gloomy day frown upside down.
a phenomenal open-air market that's one of the very largest north of Mexico, but also one of the city's most significant crossroads and a terrific place for people-watchingit's been known to bring those visiting from out of town to tears (pleasure/envy)
Amazing selection! So many fresh fruits and vegetables to select from. It made me wish for a few minutes that I lived in Montreal. Then I thought about the fact that I hate the cold and living in Connecticut is too much for me. Then I snapped out of my daydream and back to reality. I decided it was better to visit Montreal in the dead of summer than to live there. We went there twice- once on the weekend. Parking and traffic was crazy on the weekend, so I'd recommend taking the metro if you are able.
This place is amazing.  I went here with my fiancé on a glorious summer day when we visited Montreal in the summer of 2011.  I honestly don't remember much as I went into sensory overload as this place is an open air smorgasbord of many food delights.  I do remember having some fried halibut and a chocolate croissant that was so good that it made my knee buckle.  I also remember sampling the local produce and going a little overboard in purchasing bottles of maple syrup as gifts.  Definitely an unexpected highlight of our visit.
This place is fantastic, aromatic, romantic and overall sexy! Yes, the sensuality of food and produce exposed here. In the summer, alive with fresh bright colors of vegetables and fruits dancing in tango with smokes from the nearby grilled meats. In the crispy days of winter, slow dance with the cheese olives and sausages. Sexy!
This market is definitely the envy of someone only used to smaller, seasonal farmers' markets. All of the produce sold is fresh, and they WANT you to know by all of the free samples displayed. Definite bonus points for being here year-round.Also includes fresh plants, herbs, meats, fish, cheeses... it's one-stop shopping at its freshest and tastiest! After trying samples of all kinds of delicious fruits and veggies, we bought a baguette, epoisee, smoked herring, and cappicola for a picnic in the park... best picnic ever! We also bought a reusable bag from the cheese shop, Hamel, just to show off.
All I can say is "wow"!As an American, I am ashamed for all the ignorant non-educated Americans who put French culture down.  In a way, it's okay because there will be less of them enjoying their wonderful pastries, baguettes, crossants and creme brulee.  Coffee is made to order with the espresso machines, just like in France and the way it should be made!   My family ordered a bunch of sandwiches and croque monsieur jambon.  It was the most amazing combination of French Canadian food ever!  The croque was done with a lot of love and the ingredients were incredibly fresh!  Despite the high price tag, it was definitely worth it because the ingredients were so plentiful.  Normally, we're considered cheap bastards, but we splurged and had a wonderful time!All of the reviews about this place is dead on.  I think I'm not contributing much by writing this review.  So, I'm punching out.
We were lucky to have such a wonderful experience in Montreal, our friend suggested we go here and it was beautiful.  Best Strawberries I have ever had!
A foodie's heaven!  I only spent about an hour here since I didn't have that much time left in Montreal, but the next time I come back I would love to spend a whole day here and peruse every store.  This place is twice the size of Marche Atwater and has a lot more ethnic food stores.  What's really amazing is that the people who work here are so friendly and proud of their organic/fresh/high-quality products.  Words can't explain how exciting it is to visit the Jean Talon market, so go look at the pictures and go there yourself!
Jean Talon is by far the best market I have ever experienced.  And I have been to produce markets in NYC, Boston, Paris, and several major cities in Italy.The produce is diverse, fresh, and amazing in quality.  Being there in August is helpful, but I still have to think that the standards are just much higher in Quebec than in the US.  You can find things you didn't know existed, and I know a lot about food.  Surrounding the main produce aisles are great meat, cheese, specialty foods, and fish markets (Shamrock Poissonerie on the far corner is excellent).  There is also a nice branch of the bakery Premiere Moisson there.  Must haves: corn, heirloom tomatoes, herbs, salad greens, multi-colored cauliflower, garlic with the shoot on, berries of all sorts, figs, peaches... Ok, I need to stop now.  We always end up buying too much and trying to eat it all before we leave!We usually shop there 3-4 times per trip, and then entertain fantasies about filling our trunk on the day we leave and sneaking it all back over the border.  Instead, we are just left bittersweet memories the next time we go shopping at home.
Everything looked wonderful, lots of fresh fruits, maple syrup, pastry, and lots of meats and cheeses.  Being a tourist makes it difficult to buy things there since the meats need to be cooked or heated.  But if you're a resident of Montreal it's a must.  That being said if you want some fruit or cheese for your hotel room, or grab a bite to eat right there, one should definitely walk around if anything just for the experience.
Everything is lovely here. I love the perfectly displayed fruits, overgrowing bounty of flowers, and little shops in and area this open air market. It is a must-see when you're visiting Montreal.
An excellent farmers market that is kind of open air in season and under cover for inclement weather. The core of produce stands is ringed by fixed locations of other prepared food and ingredients. These include several bakeries (Arabic, Polish, French), coffee roasters, spice stores, seafood shops, butchers, and the like. Allocate a good two or three hours to tour and nibble.
Similar to Atwater, but there's more variety in goods.. not just food items.  It reminded me a little of a market in Asia.  I thought Atwater was cleaner and had better variety, though.
I've been going to Jean-Talon for years and always end up buying way too much. Hamel has so much cheese inside the smell is like being punched in the face (but in an oh-so-good-artery-clogging kind of way). The William Walter sausage shop is to die for. The produce is consistently high-quality and it's easy to buy local at this market.
This is the most beautiful market I've ever seen.  It's too bad that I wasn't staying in Montreal longer, because I would have loved to have made a big fresh meal with all of the amazing produce, cheeses, and spices here.This is a must-see!
Kind of overrated, although their bakery was good.  We've been to food markets all over the world, from Mt. Hagen in PNG to Tsukiji in Tokyo.  While this place certainly has plenty of fresh produce there was nothing really special about it.
make sure you guard your belongings and valuables! there are many pickpockets lurking around Jean-Talon...I almost had my wallet taken out of my bag yesterday inside an epicerie
Fantastic Seasonal and Local produce. Try the fresh fresh Apple Juice.
I'm not sure there is anything to add to describe Jean-Talon Market that has not already been said. My experience was wonderful and actually made me feel a little ripped off when comparing it to other markets I have frequented. You know how there are certain beaches for beautiful people? Well, this is a market for beautiful foods. Everything was clean, bright and beautifully displayed. I was planning a picnic for Mont Royal and this was much more than a one stop-shop. The selection of olives were staggering; the guys in the cheese shop were extremely helpful and spent a long time with me even though I was purchasing about $5 worth of cheese and a baguette. Next I meandered thru the fruit stands and selected a beautiful basket of berries then swung by the butcher for some nicely cured and marbled sausage. Next stop, the wine shop. The Jean-Talon Market is a community jewel. Whether you spend an hour or the day, you will always remember what you've experienced.
C'est ne magnifique! The best places you can visit while visiting a new city is their fresh market...you will not be disappointed in the options in Jean Talon. The only disappointment I had was that I did not live in Montréal, was not able to shop for my own everyday-cooking needs here. We're talking F-R-E-S-H! I was able to have some awesome fresh sweet corn on the cob for a treat while I was walking around, so that made up for it :)
After a 20 dollar cab ride, I stepped into this outdoor market on a sunny day.  The music were playing.  People were lining up for local foods, and I was enjoying the spectacular variety and quality of the fresh produce.  Whether the produce was local or otherwise, they were wonderful.  The mushroom stand had all sorts of stuff that I wish were available in my town.  I bought the most beautiful strawberry basket, and ate them all on my way to Schwarts.  Overall, the quality of the food on display were superior.  The atmosphere friendly and it would be a wonderful thing to live in Montreal and shop the beautiful produce at Jean Talon Market.  People in this town should feel very proud and fortunate.  What a wonderful Gem.
I was there 2 weeks ago and this market is fantastic.  The produce is very fresh, beautiful looking, and wonderful to taste -- many of them offer samples to taste.It's also great for brunch/lunch.  I went there 3 days in a row, and the foods I can recommend include:* Sausages -- various cooked kinds on a stick, e.g. duck, bison, pork, etc.  They also had various uncooked and ready to eat ones hanging at various stalls.* Fresh cheese -- made from cow, sheep, goat, etc.* Fresh pasta* Fresh pate* Freshly squeezed juice (right in the food court/sitting area)* Best hot chocolate I've ever had in the food court area, at the stall opposite the store selling kitchenware.  Besides hot chocolate, they sold pastries and their poppyseed struedel is very good too.* Crepes (made to order) -- also in the food court/sitting area; very well done and tasty to boot!* Mouthwatering Middle Eastern pastries (which I didn't get around to trying)* Olives -- various kinds, and the ones I had were amazing* Seafood -- I didn't get around to trying themIn the neighboring stores around the market, they had Canadian wines, chocolates, a bakery (and their lemon tart was really good), coffee shops (which are also good), Middle Eastern sundries and take-out, French fries, etc.If you like markets and foods, I highly recommend going to here and spending the time to savour the foods and wonderful fresh fruit, vegetables, and flower displays.Regarding parking, there was plenty of street parking available closeby.  For subway, the Jean Talon metro stop is closest and very accessible.
wow! why don't we have this type of market in boston yet!?
Fresh veggies and fruits.But go for the great food.Try the Merguez sausages outside the south entrance.Not so Quebecois, but totally worth it. $2 for one, $3 for two.
Easily the best outdoor market I've visited in North America.  Definitely go and make a meal out of it.  There's everything from meats and cheeses to fruits, nuts and veggies and there is plenty of prepared food to satisfy pretty much any craving you might possible have.  Find the guy with the grilled cheese pieces... those are good!
One of the best markets I've visited.  I was there on a Saturday and the main veggie building was just too overwhelming - so many people.  Some beautiful food, though.
Amazing!!!! I could spend hours here sampling the produce and looking at all of the gorgeous foods. There is nothing like this in the U.S. (that I know of)
Great produce and feel free to taste test!  If you get hungry, there are many places to duck into and get a delicious meal or snack.  This is my favorite place to buy food in Montreal.
You have to visit this market if you are in Montreal. I guess if live in Montreal you better shop here as the fruits and vegetables are very cheap here. If you are visiting then it's worth a visit since there are also plenty places to eat. The only downside I would say is that there aren't any organic items.
amazing! so much good stuff. i wish i had the time to cook a little while i was there! picked up some raw milk cheese and bread for a great lunch. made me wish i was a good photographer and local so i could live off the great stuff there.
Went here on a summer day. It had many options, basically anything that you would want from a farmers market and more. The fruit we got was amazing...except for the sticker on it that said imported from California!!!! I would be more upset with that if it was not one of the best nectarines I had ever had.  They also have many different little eateries in and around the market which is nice.
Great service and incredibly fresh food. Nice and cozy place to sit and unwind before continuing to tour Montreal...
Came here for a quick snack while touring Old Montreal. It was a cute little store and perfect for a quick rest and free WiFi. I enjoyed the decor and I really loved the chairs they were cute and comfortable. It was not crowded and the other people I saw there either had take out or were also unwinding in the shop with their laptops. The staff were friendly and hospitable, spoke in English. Ordered a green salad (which they didn't have already made so they offered to make me a fresh one) and a chai latte, both of which I enjoyed. Was worried they didn't have a washroom bur after searching, they definitely do have a single washroom next to the counter, on the other side of the main seating area.
Great place to sit and use the computer - not crowded, great wifi and some socketsThe food is excellent by cafe standards, I've tried two chicken salads and the quiche. The service is friendly. Menu is all in French which may be why there's not more tourist traffic, but the staff speak English.
A nice place for a quick bite.  I was lured in by a sign of my favorite coffee on the wall - Illy (which is apparently not used to make a regular coffee). The Mon Plaisir croissant with ham, cheese and lettuce was tasty. The personnel was courteous. I didn't see any sign of a washroom, but my hotel was around the corner, so I didn't specifically ask where it was.
Coffee was underwhelming, and the whole atmosphere of the place left a lot to be desired. I'll walk further next time.
Visiting from Los Angeles. We stayed in Quebec City and Montreal for a little over a week, and actively searched for the best croissant. Crazy,  I know. But, hey... why not. We stopped here for a quick bite, not thinking it was going to be great. Wow, I was wrong. The BEST croissant I've ever had. Period. Chocolate and hazelnut heaven. Their quiche is very,  very good,  as well.  Coffee is Illy, I believe. Can't go wrong there. Service excellent. Highly recommend!!
Very friendly staff.  Excellent espresso and the croissants are excellent.  Highly recommended.
Sandwiches are pretty good. I had no idea how it would taste and it was an excellent pick to have for lunch! Being that I only speak English it was sort of difficult to communicate with the employees. But they were nice to me. The drink selection is great btw.
Nice people and atmosphere. Good coffee, croissants and OJ. Exactly what we were looking for.
What a great little find near old Montreal. Pleasant and friendly staff ( who also speak English) and great ambience. Their breakfast is fresh made and ample. Excellent coffee too! There are awesome sandwiches and other tasty pastries to take along as you tour the old city. I'd highly recommend this place!.
Enjoyed a double shot macchiato whilst sitting in the winter sun that was streaming in the window. Nice slice of chocolate cake. Wish these places would open earlier in the day but notice that later opening hours seem to be more common in Montreal. That is you can't just pop in for a coffee first thing morning.
Delicious. We came here for breakfast three days in a row, and with all the great places around, that's saying a lot!! Love the chocolate hazelnut croissant! Also, their lattes are great! Bottom line: Come here, you won't regret it!
Yummy shrimp sandwich on a bagel bun!  This was a nice spot to sit and grab lunch while walking around Old Port.  It's cute and quaint with great lunch specials.  I was delighted to see that they had a shrimp sandwich and immediately settled on that for lunch.  The shrimps were plentiful and didn't have a fishy smell.  The bagel bun was amazing.  It was the everything bagel but light, crispy, and chewy.  I'd definitely come back next time I'm in Old Port!
Just read a comment on how "expensive" that place is, and it's complete BS! That place is just AMAZING. I has their combo and had it with their ceasar salad, the beet burger and the energy ball for 15$ only, and it blew me away! I've tried Copper Branch, Aux Vivres, Lola Rosa etc and this is to me, by far, the best vegan food I've had in Montreal. The consistency or their beet patty is on point, and that burger topped with the dijon mustard and the freshness of the tomatoes and onions is a great combination! The ceasar salad tasted SO authentic, I had to stop eating to take a moment LOL. So delicious! You know how long since I've had ceasar salad?! They nail this salad. Next time I'm gonna have the meal portion of that salad, I really could not get enough. There's chickpea bacon which reaaaally tasted like bacon and added just the right amount of crunch and saltiness. The salad was absolutely amazing! I want more already.And it also came with the energy ball dessert which is an extremely moist ball of pistaccio, lemon and dates, coated with some cononut shreds... You guys... I can't even stress how good and refreshing this was after my meal. I'm SUCH a fan. You guys will LOVE it. And it was so cheap for all of this!! Like whaaaaat?! I'm now obsessed. I'm about to spend my whole paycheck there, pay their rent and praise this place to Jesus . Amen!!
This no-frills vegan eatery was very quiet when I went for a quick lunch on a rainy day in the middle of the week.I ordered the falafel burger, and it arrived in just 5 minutes. Unfortunately, the falafel was stone cold, making the burger just "meh". At $10 for the burger without any sides, the price was ok-ish. I think the dish could have been elevated with just a little bit more care (eg, by heating the falafel).Overall an ok lunch, but lacking the passion you may experience at other vegan places.
Expensive for what it is.  Stingy portions. Freshness not up to par. I hate cash grabs like this.
Delicious food made with love. They recommended the veggie (beet) burger which was fantastic. I should have gotten some of the Dijon to go because it was amazing. Also got a juice which went great with the burger. Omnivore friends were at Schwartz deli, this is just 2 blocks away so I ate great and cruelty free and was back before they knew I was gone. Would definitely recommend.
Incredible beet burger and they wrapped mine with a butter lettuce wrap, my cousin loved the carrot soup - everything was perfect, especially the wonderful staff, thanks Melissa!!!
Lovely fresh juices, plenty of healthy and filling options. The staff was very helpful and friendly in helping me decide on what to have. I had the veggie burger with the Delice JR smoothie. My friend had the quinoa salad with the Mango Mango smoothie. All delicious but I would recommend the burger for something a bit more filling
The smoothies here are exceptional. They are all natural with no artificial sugars added, with a unique blend of ingredients. If you are in town and looking for something quick and healthy, this is your spot! The best in Montreal!
Great juice shop! I came here for the sole purpose of detoxing after eating too much junk!:) The girls at the counter were very knowledgable and friendly. They assisted me with every question I had and were very patient. The juices were the best I've had and were very unique. I also ordered a raw "macaron" on the side. It was very good and you can tell the ingredients they use are of higher quality. The place is clean and they have a great communal table and couch area to sit and read or relax. strong wifi connection too! Will def be back before I leave Montreal!:)
I really wanted to like this place because it's close to work, but I really don't...They're smoothies aren't smooth at all and the food I tried was bland.I've given up on this place.
I went here with a Groupon deal, expecting fruity delicious smoothies. When I arrived there were little kids milling around behind the counter while no employees were in sight. When finally greeted by an employee we ordered a raspberry blackberry chia seed and a strawberry banana smoothie. The fruit is not fresh, it's all frozen. Both smoothies were gross and tasted overwhelmingly of wheat germ and dirt not fruit. I don't know what everyone else got but our smoothies were not good. Definate miss
Great spot just across the street from LeMeac.  Fantastic coffee selection including recently roasted Blue Mountain and a number of local providers, a huge chocolate selection including many of the best hard to find artisan brands, a diverse collection of coffee grinders and brewing mechanisms from Siphon to Chemex to French Press, and a helpful staff more than capable of discussing the virtues of their various sources of maple syrup, vinegar, olive oil, meats, and cheeses.  Prices are high end, but worth it.
Great place to find european products, I found there the Speculoos! Great location, prices are not great but are not very high either, so in general are ok for being imported products. The attention from the cashier excellent. The only thing I didn't like (where they lost my 5th star) was that I felt being followed by the manager and not in the "can I help you way" but in the "what are you doing" way.
This place is amazing! I went for coffee one day, and I came back from breakfast the following day. The capuccino was really well done both times, at just the right temperature and you could tell good quality coffee was being used. For breakfast I ordered a parfait and it was delicious. It's probably the best parfait I've ever had. It was also beautifully presented. The staff are really friendly and always attentive to your needs. I'll definitely be going back!
I had lunch there and was very impressed with the quality of the preparation. Seasonal ingredients fresh from the market and perfectly cooked. Menu changes every couple of days so I will try it again soon.
This is such an good (and tiny) restaurant. Went there during summer time for lunch a enjoyed a fresh and tasty gazpacho. The highlight, however, was the greens salad (rapini, fiddleheads, feta cheese and citrus) which was SO good. The menu is creative and they have a cute wine selection. Only bummer is they don't do dinner. And I sure wish they did!!You want to go.
Beautifully crafted food, passionate and friendly chefs and a cozy atmosphere make this one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal.  Each day you are treated to a new and interesting menu and you get to sit right in front of the chefs as they prepare your order.  Great experience and cuisine
We had a wonderful lunch today, get there before noon as this small resto fills up quickly. So much fun to watch the chefs working behind the small bar cooking interesting and inspired food. My tip centers around the wine selection. One of the partners is a private wine importer and has a good selection of natural wine, currently becoming very trendy in Paris. These hard to find, small producer wines go beyond just bio and include all facets of the production and vinification of wine. Can't find any of these in the SAQ, at least not intentionally. By the glass or bottle treat yourself to something new.
Amazing, great quality food and lovely brunch.
Lovely, well-designed little café with an open kitchen run by very nice folks. 49th Parallel Epic Espresso is the bean of choice here and well prepared. The Cannelé are incredible. I've only stopped here for breakfast, but I bet they serve a really lovely meal. Clear pride in the product. Worth stopping by, for sure.
Very inviting atmosphere, great owners, original dishes! Their chefs care and originality in manipulating seasonal ingredients is impressive. Risky, balanced dishes. A great somnelier with a great private importation selection.
Micro-resto La Famille is just about as small as they get:  eight seats (or so) in a tiny, wedge of a place, located on a sliver of Gilford just steps from St-Denis and the Laurier Metro station's St-Joseph exit.  But sometimes less is more, and La Famille makes up for its lack of square footage with plenty of heart and a menu that's surprisingly adventurous for an operation of its size.  Right now they're only open from morning (7am) until early evening (6pm), but they offer breakfast, lunch, and brunch (Saturdays only), and they're keeping themselves free for events at night.  My experience of La Famille is much too limited yet to offer a fuller review (or more stars)--they've only been open for 2 weeks, after all--but I've got a very good feeling about this micro-resto.  Stay tuned...
I am a UdeM student and this is just a right place.They give good quantity and quality foods with a reasonable price. Specially when you are at your midterm or final and you don't have time to cook nor bring your foods. You call for a delivery for a Mixed Plat under 15$. And you will feel happy.Recommended to try this place at least once if you study near by.
If you want cheap and filling food then this is the place for you. I usually go for the shish taouk plater as all the components are well cooked and seasoned. I would definitely recommend this place to any student nearby.
Expensive for what it is. Still good once in a while, you can find better places to eat around.
Had the shish taouk.  It was not very big, did not have a lot of the pickled veggies and the sauce tasted more like mayonnaise than yogurt.  Very disappointing.
Some of the staff who serve aren't attentive and you have to repeat yourself several times to remind them of what you asked - language in either French or English isn't their forte.I don't recommend the pita shawarmas or pita taouks- they don't have much flavour and the vegetable ingredients weren't very fresh looking either. Their full-plate menus are generous but too cooked and mushy in consistency. I really don't recommend their pizza either it's very plain and low quality. Which leaves only their baked goods to try (pita zaatar, lahmajouns... etc.) and they're ok.
I like this place because it's next to the Université de Montréal and Cote-des-Neiges metro station, plus they stay open late.It's perfect for after-class dating. Microeconomie ends at 7pm. You walk out with that sweet classmate of yours, and be like : ''Hey, wanna eat something maybe ?'' Well, there's no disageement possible about where to go... you just head up to Al-Amine because half the place is fresh bakery/pastry/pizza and other half is juicy chicken/beef sandwiches or plates.
Well, it ain't as great as it used to be.  Since my schedule makes it so that I mostly go here about half an hour before closing, it basically ensures that they've saved the worst for last.  It's best to go much earlier in the day while ingredients are still fresh.  But man, I've gotten some serious dirt sandwiches when ordering falafel here 15 minutes before closing.  My friends are often treated to the last morose, burnt slices of pizza at night.  Also my favourite item - zaatars - are rarely available at night for some reason, which makes me a sad vegan.I'll still ask the staff, "Kaifa haluka?" when they serve me but these days - depending on if it is even daytime, anyway - I'm almost scared of the answer.You will still fart all day if you eat anything from here.  That is still, of course, almost universally true of Lebanese food.
This cafe is right around the corner which pretty much saved my life many a time since my boyfriend didn't have a coffee machine for MONTHS!Friendly staff, great service cozy, welcoming atmosphere and amazing coffee & treats! 10/10
Café de' Mercanti is that type of cafe you want to keep hidden for yourself and a few locals. However, I have dismissed these feelings after reflecting upon the greater reality I have thanks to Yelp.  And though it does not demand it, I want to respect my link to Yelp by sharing this review and these pictures of the café that is de' Mercanti.Mercanti is found on Monkland where it's just busy enough to give the pleasant feel of a cosmopolitan café though equally tranquil for introspective activities.  It's an Italian café (with an Italian épicerie just adjacent) with some elements of the more old-school Italian sport cafés you find in little Italy (ie the television), though beauty and elegance permeate the space: marble, an array of Italian pastries, shiny moka pots, imported packaged treats, well displayed gelato, and fine service. I want to go back.
Excellent coffee and nice little place.
Tiny place but great true Italian coffee and hot fresh croissants  Glad to discover this place
Excellent cappuccinos  - always warm service, reminds me of Italy. Nice outside chairs and tables , cozy inside.  I've grown attached to it.  Bonus is homemade takeaway dinner portion pasta, sauces, meatballs etc at reasonable prices right next door!
Small servings of very fresh, delicious coffee.Sort of the anti-Starbucks--portions are much smaller than even the smallest Starbucks coffee, but the coffee is  a lighter roast very flavourful and not bitter.
I fell in love with this cafe as soon as I entered the place. I like the TV playing, the cozy atmosphere, it is really like being in your living room except you're drinking a fabulous latte and you have a whole range of typical Italian pastries to choose from. I recommend the sfogliatella : it's heaven in your mouth. The staff is cool and despite the fact that the room is small, it's still very comfortable. A jewel on Monkland!! Will return for sure!!!
A very good neighborhood coffee place. Superb coffee and pastries. The place is small but cozy, one table inside and a bench outside. Two nice girls make great coffee. The place smells so good!Come in the morning, chat with the girls, grab a cappuccino and go with a smile.
Great coffee shop in Monkland village. Always make a point to stop by whenever I walk by :)
Great Italian cafe. The friendly couple who own it are more than helpful. Great quality coffee and pastries! A very nice addition to Monkland!
This is a great little neighborhood place. The coffee is great and is made the way it is made in Italy. They have a variety of pastries and a huge assortment of imported Italian goodies. I haven't tried the hot chocolate yet but it looks absolutely decadent. It's become my go to place in the neighborhood.
I live in NDG, so had been to Lucille's a few times before, which is really amazing, but a tad overpriced for me.Anyhow, I was surprised to find they had a food truck yesterday while we were walking around drinking beer downtown. We ordered two crispy fish tacos, and they were so damn yummy. Really good. I wanna go back and find it. haha
good fish taco albeit quite pricey. as for the lobster roll, holy fuck, its one salty roll and pretty small roll to boot. it felt like they cheapen on the lobster filling and for the price you're paying, definitely not worth it.all in all, pretty unmemorable. decently fast service though.
Starting this review with a bang: Deliiiiiiiiiish.I tasted the Lobster Roll and the Ribs. A huge fan of both. Ribs will have you licking your fingers due to their amazing marinating sauce, and it's tender, so so tender. Lobster Roll was alright, it's too creamy for my taste but it is definitely worth it.I never tried the other stuff because I went late and things were limited.But will definitely return.5/5
Was a good Lobster Roll, as expected. There is 2 places for a decent Lobster Roll in the city now, MuvBox in the Old Port, and Lucille's.MuvBox at 9$, and Lucille's at 10$. Your choiceGiven the choice i think i would head to Old Montreal, even though i did enjoy Lucille's version, i think i preferred MuvBox's.
The lobster roll was good but it tasted like any other I've already had. Good quantity of lobster meat lightly coated in mayonnaise on a buttered hot dog bun. I guess you don't mess with a classic.  Lucilles gets my 5 stars for the fish taco. Perfect mix of sweet and salty flavors. Highly recommend this taco if you're a fan of cilantro.
good comforting vegetarian food uncomplicated but a bit greasy
I've only tried their smoothies, but they're amazing. Much better than Jugo Juice, Liquid Nutrition, and other smoothie places in Montreal! Very healthy, smooth, and quite filling! Summertime is soon so I will be heading here for smoothies frequently!
Delicious! I had a classic falafel with a mix of salads for lunch the other day and everything was tasty, fresh and memorable. If you're in the area and want to eat healthy (and plenty), La Panthère Verte is an excellent choice. The space is airy and luminous, very relaxed. I just kinda disliked the way tables and seats were set up... but that's no big deal. I can't wait to go back and try something else. Also, veg desserts, yes please! :D
The Yelpers who claimed this place serves the best falafel weren't kidding. My husband and I ordered the mango lassi, bbq tofu pita, traditional falafel pita, and their special of the day- it was a curried tempeh stew with rice and salad.I wasn't blown away but the food was pretty good. I thought the tempeh stew tasted bland but my husband enjoyed it. Tofu pita was good, the pickles and bbq sauce gave the sandwich the right kick, lassi wasn't unnecessarily sweet like many other places. And the falafel pita...I'd also say the best I've had in a very long time.
Location: On the Plateau, a short walk from the Mont-Royal subway. Street parking only - it's not easy finding a spot so choose your time carefully!The place: P-V is of a decent size, with plenty of windows and sunshine. I find the space to be pretty cozy, and you can enjoy your food while reading a good book or the local paper. Food: There's not much more that I can say about Panthère that I haven't said in my previous reviews (different locations) - the good is fresh, healthy (veg) and damn good. I love the veggie burger and personally think they make some of the best falafel in town. You can't go wrong with either option, but be sure to try the falafel sandwich because that sh*t rocks. Service: Good.Price point: Their prices are fair and pretty decent for a vegetarian place.
Just met this amazing place! Vegetarian and organic! Tried a "spécial du jour" that was a Curry Tempeh!! Delicious! Lovely place. Very nice service. And prices are fair! Worth trying, even if you're not vegetarian. Like me!! Lol.
id say this place is A -OK not much to choose from if you like coming often tho
"Am I a little drunk? Maybe, but I still give it a five," my husband.Bright, clean, open atmosphere. Small tables for small groups and one large table for, I presume, communal dining. Very casual and delicious food. It feels healthy in here :-)
An awesome new Panthère Verte, right in the heart of the Plateau! By far the largest and best lit location, but that's just the tip of the ice berg... there's also enough seating for at least 40 people, which is a huge step up from their other spots. Menu is the same as the other locations, but daily specials may be different. In any case, personal favourite is the FalaFusion. Ready made salads and desserts are also available.
This restaurant brings up some interesting philosophical questions for me. Should I stick to tradition, to comfort, to the classics, because I know they're delicious and never disappoint? Or should we all try to experience new exciting things - live on the edge of cultural and social mixing? How can one way be better than the other? These are the thoughts that arise when I try to decide between the traditional falafel and the falafusion at Panthere Verte. Both sandwiches are SO DELICIOUS (just like the rest of the food here - I could survive for the rest of my life on the ChocoChipMonk cookies). This place isn't lying when it says it has the best falafels in town.The atmosphere is casual, fun, and hip. There are plants! You feel at one with nature. You'll want to talk to the staff forever. And eat forever, of course.Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area and prepared to fight thieves! Your friends will be so jealous of your pita, they'll try to steal it away.
Ok so I have to admit it, when I think about vegetarians, I imagine people sitting in a field, surrounded by rabbits and eating salad.As a meat eater, I was always a bit worried about going to a vegetarian restaurant, thinking it would be boring for my taste buds.Well, I kinda knew it already, but I was an idiot. I tried their Falafusion (Falafel balls, lettuce, sumac onions, carrots, sprouts, yogi sauce) and.... Wow. That was really delicious, I surrender (yes I'm French, of course I surrender) Had a little salad next to it, and I was full.Not so convinced by the Celery/lemon/apple juice I had, celery was too much present. Vegetarians, my bad, your food can definitely be good.But Talking about rabbits made me want to eat some paté now.
This place is great - nice location and patio, and the food is good and reasonably priced! The BBQ tofu and black bean soup were good but not mind blowing, but the falafel was legit some of the best we've had - super fresh, and they put some coleslaw in which was a nice touch. Two pitas and a soup was $20, so pretty reasonable. And I'll definitely be back for more of the falafel!
You have to try their falafel sandwich, it's delicous, healthy and affordable. What more could you ask for! I always get the mafe when they have it as meal of the day, it's a stew made from eggplants with a sauce based on peanut butter and tomato sauce. It's fabulous!Add the hibiscus drink and falalef balls and you got yourself a perfect meal.  What I love most about this place is how ''clean'' and light you feel after eating their food. Everything tastes so fresh and healthy.
Very tasty vegan food. Most of their dishes are usually falafel and other vegetables wrapped in a pita. But it tastes much better than any falafel I had elsewhere.They have dessert items like sweet balls made of dates and chocolate and "viramisu" (vegan tiramisu) and also sparkling flavored tea.
As a vegan approaching the two year mark, I was thrilled to find myself living within walking distance of crud essence, aux vivres, and most importantly, la panthère verte. The other two are delicious, but nothing beats the 8 dollar falafel. It's filling beyond belief, delicious and is always satisfying. Haven't tried many other things on the menu as I love the traditional falafel too much, but I highly recommend it to everyone!
Delicious falafel and salads! A great healthy fast food option, and just a few blocks away from Jeanne Mance park if you feel like a picnic.
Honestly the best pulled pork ever. Flavourful and melts in your mouth, they also give you lots on the poutine. I wasn't a fan of pulled pork before because it was sometimes tough and got stuff in your teeth, but this was absolutely amazing. Cool decor complete with country music, this is a nice joint to be cozy and spend some time inhaling the scents inside. Also, the employees there seem super cheerful.
For the price, it's good value bbq: not the best in Montreal, but it seems like the pitmasters behind the grills have the right basics. I had baked beans, brisket poutine, and a brownie. Baked Beans: sweet, tangy, very ketchupy... Mixed in were chunks of homemade smoked sausages that had a nice chew (good texture), but somewhat bland otherwise (I tried a piece of the same sausage from a friend's sausage poutine to make sure it wasn't the ketchup that ruined it). Brisket poutine: excellent gravy and chewy cheese curds on crispy fries - my kind of poutine. As for the brisket, it was indeed a good addition to the poutine, but it wouldn't be able to hold its own without a good gravy (it was kind of dry and lacked smokiness). Brownie: sooo sweet, it's downright not edible. And the texture is off, it's too mushy. BBQ sauces available on the tables: - Original: very very sweet. While I know that it may win BBQ contests in eastern canada, that amount of sugar is not something the average customer can tolerate. - Spicy: too garlicky, it ruins the spiciness. - Coffee: no.- Mustard: the best sauce at Le Smoking BBQ. Good balance of sweet, mustard spicy, and salty... Too bad it's a mustard sauce rather than a more standard BBQ sauce xDReasonable pricing overall, for the quality of food. I'm glad the BBQ scene in Montreal is picking up momentum despite the vegan/vegetarian/gluten-free fad.
We stumbled across this place and it had really cool decor inside. Once we got inside we were warmed up immediately from the freezing cold snow outside and our nostrils was completely consumed by the smoky smell of chicken and pulled pork. We ordered the pulled pork sandwich, smoked chicken, and pulled pork poutine. Everything was scrumptious. Definitely recommend it, especially the pulled pork sandwich which was a perfect combination of meat and fresh, crunchy coleslaw. Combine this with a light German apricot beer and you are set.
First had their famous pulled pork poutine at Osheaga 2 years ago. It is amazing! Now they opened their own resto and even though it's only been open a few weeks and I live and work on the south shore, I have already been there twice. Pulled pork is moist, smoky and full of flavour. Their poutine is top notch and their new Mac n Cheese waffle is insanely good! A definite Montreal icon in the making.
I just tried Le Smoking BBQ at the Old Port for the Poutinefest, it was outstanding, had the pulled pork poutine and true to their word best poutine. A must try thank goodness they stick around on the island.
Went to Quebec for a music festival a few months ago, and Le Smoking BBQ was there. We tried a couple other food trucks, but Le Smoking blew them out of the water! We were hooked and ate no where else for the rest of the fest. It's in a league of its own. I'm from the states and I thought we knew bbq, and I was dead wrong. My mouth still waters thinking and imagining their food. The ribs fall off the bone and the BBQ pork poutine fries were unlike anything I have ever had! It's hard to comprehend that it was coming from a food truck! I actually consider driving the two-three hours to Montreal just to quench my craving for their food on a weekly bases.
Hands down the best pulled pork of any current food truck/stand I've tasted in Montreal. The meat is flavourful, the prices are reasonable for the portion size and the service is quick and friendly. They've always got everything you need ready by the truck, too - rolls of paper towels, forks, extra bbq sauce...Try anything from this truck and you'll be happy with it. Their sandwiches are awesome, filling but never too messy. The smoke dog is a little messy but delicious. The poutine will make strangers jealous that they are not you, at that moment in time, eating that poutine. The mac and cheese is the only item on their menu that I'm not 100% happy with, but I'd still eat it again.Definitely worth your time and money.
coffee by day, bar by night. sounds like déjà vu.. oh right, café sardine!for anyone who ever went to the defunct café sardine, that tiny coffee shop on fairmount, well, bar kabinet will give you that very familiar vibe of sardine. it's like "this feels fucking nice". as it turns out, café sardine is behind the coffee by day at kabinet. they've been promoting the shit out of kabinet on facebook and i'm happy they did! i went to sardine twice and its good to finally have another crazy hidden gem of coffee shop that no one fucking knows about unless you follow the right coffee drinkers on IG. that's how i found out about kabinet doing coffee.here, you find coffee from dispatch but its not the usual you'd get from the dispatch crew which goes into an acidic citrus notes. instead, you're getting the more rounder notes of chocolate and caramel. no fancy latte art, just a great cup of joe like you'd find at italian cafés. actually, being located in a cozy european bar, it does feel like the heavy italian hitters.since most people don't know about it, the place is on the empty side of things. there's only one cozy corner and the rest is all counter seats either at the bar or by the wall. either way, hidden but yet awesome coffee shop.
Location: Laurier, west of St. Laurent. I'd say the Laurier station is your best bet if you're coming by subway. Street parking is available but metered (though I think the meters stop at 6pm - check the schedule).The place: Super cozy and tiny! There's one table and some bar seating - that's about it. However, the vibe is unpretentious and casual, and like I said, cozy. I almost felt like I was hanging out in someone's livng room. Loved the space!The goods: I had the Pimms and it was amazing. So much so, that I literally sucked on that straw until I could get nary a drop from the bottom of the glass. The fresh mint and strawberry put a super fresh spin on the traditional Pimms cup. I approve!Service: The bartender was also our waitress - she was friendly and we liked her.Price point: $12 for the Pimms.
It's a small, but cute little place decorated in Russian style. They serve great cocktails and some food. It's a little bit hipster and maybe not too big for large groups, but an  excellent place for a date!
Can easily be added to the short list of places who's vibe--turn of the 20th Russian tea room here--is both style and substance. Small but intimate and unique space that's a fantastic place to start or end a date. This is the kind of place you suggest your out of town friends definitely stop by. Coffee by 49th Parallel and local MTL roaster Dispatch: coffee snobs. Went a bit too early to try the drinks, but any bar with more than one bourbon option is a well stocked bar in my book.
This tiny room next to Datcha is not immediately evident, the window is slightly hidden and there is no number on the door. But if you are in front of Datcha and tuck into the door between it and some indie fur designer place on the left, you'll find yourself immediately at home. Datcha is the size of a small narrow livingroom, or boat, or coat room. There is a bar with a few plush stools and hooks for your coat, and a skilled and friendly bartender happy to chat about the different delicious cocktails, or art, or New York, or life. I tried the champagne cocktail and it was perfect, and perfectly pretty, and prettily suited to the sweet room. I didn't try the food but the drinks were all in the non-insane, totally affordable cocktail range, and very delicious, plus I love me a romantic tiny tucked away room, so I'll be back here for sure.
12-seater space (total guesstimation), intimate, sophisticated yet cool with a true cocktails list. Attached to Datcha, the club beats echo through but fade out so you can have a convo or sexy whisper with whoever you're with, or meet. For some reason we always seem to see Win Butler here too. He has become as expected as the banana leaf plant. If your vibes are fun yet low key, this may be it. Dress to get checked out by a design-minded crowd.
This place is cool, more appropriate than the intense dance music in its connecting bar Datcha.Kabinet has cool outside seating, lots of nice cocktails, and a generally nice atmosphere to hang with friends for a bit and have a drink. Far better when not too crowded though.
Great neighborhood spot with an eye towards classic cocktails. Great Moscow Muels!
intimate little bar with awesome decor.   The cocktail list was great.   The Moscow mule was the best I have ever had.
One word. Croissant. The best I had in Montreal so far.  Large, Crispy, buttery. With a double espresso its perfect.
Had the opportunity to stop by Pikolo while on a short weekend trip to Montreal. Luckily for us, Pikolo was open on Easter Sunday when it seemed like everything else was closed.The cafe itself is cozy, there is limited seating but has a great loft space with tables that overlook the space.My partner & I both had lattes. They were so smooth, definitely gave us the morning kick we needed to explore the city. We also had croissants, which melted in our mouths. I'm still craving them a week later.The staff were nice. They gave us suggestions & managed to keep the lines down despite being very busy. Apparently they have a time limit for patrons. Note to Toronto cafes- please start doing this too.
One of my favourite coffee places in the city, but with one fatal flaw; my order is rarely correct.I've been here about twenty times and more than three quarters of the time my order, which is always a decaf soy latte, ends up either not soy, or not decaf. It's never both wrong, but it does get a little frustrating to always have to double check your order.
coffee coffee coffee. Pikolo espresso bar offers a cosy and warming place to enjoy the best beverage on the planet. The coffee aromas are one of the first things you notice when you enter the building and i was very impressed by their brewing machines. They have intimate seating areas made for 2-3 people no more and offer a excellent mezzanine where you feel on top of the world. Its a great spot to sonder or to divide yourself from the hustle and bustle of the main floor. The coffee itself was of excellent quality however the cups they give it in are glass and i know they are trying to be different but i found trying to carry two hot glasses up to the mezzanine quite difficult. I think some nice stylish mugs or glasses with handles would not go astray.  For that i give it a 4. To summarize, magnificent coffee, chilled vibes, great place.
The perfect size coffee and the perfect size coffee shop. Our go to in the area for a coffee and a meeting. Staff is friendly and the coffee and tea is good. Very small space, but hence the name Pikolo. Bar stool and tables and somehow it always works out with the perfect amount of space. A must for coffee in the city. Remember to watch your head going up to the second floor.
My favourite coffee place. Great ambience and perfect latte. Really recommend the chocolate muffin too
Started off the Montreal trip by needing a recharge from the redeye flight. Hello, local university coffee shop! According to the Yelps, Pikolo is a favorite of local McGillites (is that a word) that frequent the place for their very necessary coffee re-ups. We were in there pretty early on a weekday morning and found the usual collegiate collection of men in blazers, hipsters, and bearded wonders.The coffee was indeed good, as was the croissant I ordered. We hung out a while and decided that we were (a) still tired and (2) already loved Montreal. Great start to the vacation.
Coffee is rich and nutty flavored which I love. Had a cappuccino and it was great! Funny how they use the same coffee as some very popular coffee shops but the flavor is so much more different...definitely has to do with the way they brew their coffee.Beware...There is no A during summer so I was sweating my life out as I tried to enjoy my delicious coffee.
I came here after a long while even though I live really close because my last experience wasn't the best so I had to update my review to reflect my most recent experience. Came here with my sister and we both had lattés and mama mia -so perfect! Smooth,rich and silky texture of the espresso complemented with a good 2/3 milk ratio. The milk was skillfully steamed and you could taste the quality of the product, the freshness played largely into its natural sweetness. I also thought the temperature of the drink was superbly accurate (atleast for me). Sometimes I find the espresso bars in Montreal serving coffee that is not warm enough, I know that seaming milk too much can burn it so it's hard to get that foam and froth within ~60° but too often the coffee here gets cold before I'm done drinking half of it. Pikolo's temperature was en pointe -warm enough for the duration of a good conversation but not so warm that it got bitter. Just be careful when holding the glass mugs!
This small cafe on du Parc is a great place to grab your caffeine fix on any given day. I've come here for take out coffee, to sit in and chat, and also to work on my studies with some food and coffee. Though there is a second floor, the cafe can be quite cramped because it is narrow and kinda small, so it can be really hard to find space to sit at. The coffee for my taste is quite acidic, so if you get sick from too much caffeine or acidity, try their tea selection. Aside from the drinks, their food is quite good as well!
Terrible experience. Came here based on reviews and how great the coffee is. Well- I ordered 2 coffees ... Both Luke warm to cold and not fresh at all. BlahhhhkI got my money back. The ladies behind the counter had the audacity to blame me- saying "perhaps I put too much milk in". Ha that's comical. I drink several cups of coffee a day.... Enough said. I made my coffee no different. Just admit your coffee has been lingering around and not fresh. Yuck. The pastry was OKay
Excellent espresso drinks and baked goods. Friendly staff. A bit tight inside, but most people come for take out so I have always been able to sit down. I like the decor too, kind of vintage. I would recommend it to everyone who happens to be in the neighborhood.
This review is based on the soy cappuccino that I got here. This was a rather eye opening experience for me. Literally. This strong pull of espresso jolts you awake from the very first sip and leaves a tantalizingly bold but not bitter aftertaste that just awakens the senses with every subsequent bit imbibed until the very last drop. The coffee was made to perfection.It's definitely the best cup I've had to date this year.
Great coffee and espressos!The mushroom, cheese & pepper scone is perfectly fluffy, moist and savory. A big portion, the scrumptious scone does not disappoint for breakfast with a solid cup of coffee. The granola bar was also satisfying, slightly sweet and nutty afternoon treat!
We ordered a cappuccino and a mocha latte and neither one of us would repeat or recommend.  If you like Starbucks coffee than this might be for you, otherwise we found it to be very bitter and acidic.  It had a very strong after taste.  The place has nice atmosphere, but maybe because they are limited on space no free Wifi.
Warm and cozy feel to it, although congested for my taste. Probably because I'm use to the extra elbow room. Had the chai latte just the right amount of spices, just enough to titilate you tastebuds. Beware the seating is limited.
One of my favorite cafes in MTL.They were serving a top notch single origin roasted in Calgary. My beverage we excellently crafted, being so far away from home I appreciated an experienced barista. The ambience was charming and quaint. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
I pray a latteBaptize my soul pour overAwaken my heartThis is a really cool coffee shop. I went here to get good coffee instead of hotel coffee. Great espresso drinks, nice pour over, a pleasant array of pastry. One of the things that I noticed was how beautiful the espresso machine and bar are, take a look. It's pretty tight inside, and seems like more of a to-go place. They do get quite busy, and every time I ordered a pour over here, they always looked at the line and were like, "Well, I guess, but it's going to take some time." Yes, that is how a pour over works. So, I think they need to work on a better pour over game face or something. All that to say, the coffee is fantastic and I was very happy it was right around the corner from my hotel.
Pikolo is really great, with a few caveats.Lattes are very good, nice and smooth but with a strong taste that isn't too milky. Also their espresso shots are quite good. Very consistent baristas who know what they're doing.Pikolo is always busy. Always. So you may or may not get a seat. The space itself is quite small & narrow but very charming in its own way. Decor is very Brooklyn with an industrial vibe: great vintage stools and other accents.They also stock their own blend of Parallel espresso, as well as Phil and Seb roasters (also Wildwood, I believe). Filter too.
Cozy little café near McGill University serving coffee roasted in small batches from two collaborators, one in Calgary and the other one in Portland (Oregon). Quality is consistent, without a doubt, despite the small scale production. Apart from the regular types of coffee beverages that are offered, the Pikolo latté is one of my favourite orders whenever I'm in town and I'm in a rush. In a nutshell, the Pikolo latté is a small-sized latté served in a glass a little bigger than a shot glass. Coffee extraction is done a little more concentrated so the coffee taste is more pronounced, which makes this baby latté more reminiscent of a creamy espresso than a latté. Coffee is the main reason to drop by Pikolo (the café owner trained in Australia for several months), but pastries are also worth a bite: either all made in store or bought from local Montréal bakeries, products are definitely ethical and fresh. Since I don't have a sweet tooth, I usually grab the granola that's freshly made every morning for a couple of bucks.For students who are looking for a study spot: the relaxed, casual atmosphere makes it really tempting to stay and study, but since it's a small café, tables are stools are rare to come by.Bonus points: last time I was at Pikolo, a barista was wearing a 49th Parallel T-shirt!
Talk about passion, love, quality, and care.Let's start with the line, which normally it's a good sign of coffee shop. Very small shop and unique.They have a really good cappuccino, perfectly hand crafted, when it's ready for you to take your first sip. The temperature, foam consistency, aroma, and the roast--all perfect!!Highly recommended, if you want really good cup of cappuccino, this is the place!
Pikolo has changed in small and not-so-small ways since the beginning of 2015, but the coffee still earns five stars. Where it once stood out as my very favourite in Montreal,I would now rank it in a group of top picks with Myriade, Couteau, Flocon, Dispatch, Pourquoi Pas, and Différance: a jewel in a rich coffee scene.Pikolo has become a leaner operation this year. There is no more wifi, no self-service water dispenser, and no oven. (Fear not, the same assortment of scones etc. is still here.) The loyalty program is no more, although old cards are still stamped and honoured. Some table space has made way for new shelves of beans for sale. The hours are a bit shorter -- later mornings, earlier evenings. The most striking difference may be due to the wifi cut: for the first time I can remember, Pikolo is kind of peaceful and no longer like an annex of the McGill library, with screens and tapping keyboards aplenty. Turnover is faster, and there are usually tons of empty seats (a bit jarring for what was a constantly packed café). I like stability when it comes to my favourite things in life, but so far I am cautiously endorsing Pikolo's new approach.
The brewed coffee was only so-so. But the Pikolo soy latte, a small latte served in a small glass, was excellent. A window seat offered a great street view.
Latte was so delicious! Wish I had tried the pastries, they looked so good.
Pros: Solid coffee shop& menu, Good chai latte, Upstairs seating Cons: Busy, No wi-fi, No aircon (prepare for sweat)-Ambiance- A small coffee shop located quite centrally so one can expect a lot of traffic in&out. Would classify as a hipster-ish decor theme. The menu has a few items which is ideal because they concentrate their efforts on quality. Service is friendly. Typical independent coffee shop prices. -Drinks- Chai Latte: As I am not a huge fan of coffee (don't kill me but like cmon guys think of your breath&teeth :P), I usually go for a chai latte. I was not disappointed with my order because it had a good spice and smoothness to the drink. Really among the tastiest I have tried. -Overall- Nice place to grab a drink to relax or to be on the go. I did see a lot of young professionals opt for the espresso, so give it a try if thats your thing!
I like the latte pikolo (iced)so much! I personally thinks it's stronger than the regular latte here,try it if you prefer strong flavour like me. And today I discovered the brownie is amazing too! But I don't see them often, I guess they just make them occasionally ,I will defiantly have a piece of brownie next time with my coffee!
Location: Parc and Sherbrooke. Street parking (metered) or transit. The place: Love the space and the little 'loft' upstairs though it's very small, so you're best to take your order to go, or go when its quieter. Around 8 a.m. there were a fair number of available seats. There are also two benches outside.The goods: Coffee, obviously, and the best muffins in town. Peach-Coriander and Strawberry-Tarragon were my picks and they were both amazing and delicious. Real fruit, and fragrant herbs. Yum! The latté that I ordered was also very good. Really enjoyed  it.Service: The clerk who took my order was super friendly - no complaints here. Price point: Large latté and two muffins ran me $10.
It's my first time exploring around Montreal. Every time I'm in a new city I like to check out cafés and their cold brews, if they offer it. Although the size was a tad smaller than I expected, the cold brew coffee at Pikolo was REALLY GOOD! Smooth, great flavours and tones, and no bitter taste at all. I'll definitely be going back before I head back home for another cold brew. If this place had wifi, that would be even greater- but for a stop-and-go cafe, I did enjoy it quite a bit.
Apparently one of the top five coffee shops in Montreal. Had their bacon, Swiss, and mushroom scone which was tasty but probably tastes much better warmed (which wasn't an option). The latte was good but nothing I would go out of my way for. It was served in a glass.  This is fine and I enjoyed seeing the layers of my latte.  Here, however, they need to invest in thicker glasses... I could barely hold the glass and I'm one of those that doesn't routinely use sleeves with my coffee (to give you perspective).  Atmosphere wise.... The music (80s American) was at a good volume to encourage chatting and the decor matched a typical small coffee shop.  The staff all spoke French and English and while okay, we're not overly friendly. Not much seating, but sufficient for a space of this size. It was stuffy however... The only ventilation offered by two fans a ways away on a very high ceiling.By far the worst thing, however, was that they didn't offer wifi. A cafe this close to a nationally recognized university in 2015 and the wifi is locked?  They had it, just didn't offer it to their patrons.  Seriously?  Even the public bus from the airport had wifi! All in all, an okay place to stop for a coffee and quick snack if it's on the way, but don't go out of your way to get here. (BTW... Now I sit some doors down at a Starbucks that I went to so that I could post this review using their FREE WIFI, okayed by the really friendly staff, while sitting in a nicely ventilated space, listening to non-American music ... go figure!
Super great cappuccino and flat whites. I could drink these all day long. Nice service too. Small, but funky place.
My husband and I try to find good coffee when traveling and avoid the chains, if possible. This place was perfect! Good lattes and even better scones - we tried the sundried tomato, feta, and green onion and also the bacon, mushroom, and swiss and both were excellent. One warning - they didn't open until 9 am on a Saturday morning. If you're like us and up early, this seems a little late. Overall worth it though.
tiny coffee shop on the outskirt of quartier des spectacles/place des arts that offers amongst other things, 49th parallel coffee. they do have 2 other roasters on hand but i was served 49th. you can't mistake the taste of it. its simply great coffee.as for the place itself, its tiny, feels very crammed. there's a 2nd floor with tables but other than that, its more for a quick coffee stop than a lounge around kind of coffee especially more true since the wifi has been cut (or is about to). good or bad? well, there's so many coffee shops in that stretch of park avenue that one does wonder if its the best of decision. at least, turnover rate is a lot higher, from the 20 minutes i was there.anyway, if you're looking for great coffee in the QDS/PDA area, this is the place. if you're simply looking for great coffee around town, well, since they offer 49th parallel, i wouldn't go out of my way for it since Myriade offers it as well. and same thing about Moineau Masqué.
The Mocha was as impressive as I have read so far. On the other hand, the lack of wifi makes the intake of caffeine counter -productive. I mean, it is 2015. This is a cafe in the middle of downtown. Not a speakeasy. Also, the lady at the cash wasn't nice in her way of telling me they don't have free public wifi. Time to move coffee shops.
The coffee is strong but really like the flat white and their environment. Feel like in a European small coffee.  Many university students go there and they seems stay at home chatting with coffee owner. So good place to have a rest or morning coffee.
As a coffee addict, I find my fix at Pikolo. I stop by almost daily for a latte, cappuccino, americano or filtered coffee. Types of coffee beans are changed daily and keep me from getting bored of the same flavors. The vibe is cozy and welcoming, and customers are loyal. Can get busy at times, but quality of drinks, food and service is never compromised. Prices on the board are reasonably prices and include tax, so no surprises there. I'm slightly disappointed they no longer offer their loyalty card, a free cup after every 9; but, coffee is too good to question another cafe. You can't go wrong with any of their drinks and if you see cookies on the counter, splurge, don't even think about splitting with a friend. You won't regret coming to Pikolo!
What can I say that's not repeating the other reviews? I love this place!! And I'm so glad I found it on my trip to Montreal! The place is small but cozy and hip. The staff are friendly, welcoming, and fun to talk to. The scones are outta this world good. I mean it. I got the roasted veg scone and it was SOOOO GOOOD!!!! And the latte is top notch delicious. I can't think of anything I'd change about this place. Prices are fair for the quality. Large latte about $3.50. My verdict is,  you should go.
Coffee is consistently top quality. Try a gibraltar, skip the Pikolo latte -- it's just too small -- and if you're hungry get a croissant. The espresso will be well-pulled and too much milk will sometimes distract from that. Despite being amidst the bigger McGill student study area, it's a gem. The coffee shops around are larger and cater more to students, but Pikolo caters to the person who really just wants a great coffee. To get a seat for sure, come early before the McGill students get up.
This place... is... espresso utopia. The aesthetics of the place is breathtakingly beautiful, their latte art is time and time again flawless, their staff are coffee geniuses, and every shot I saw poured looked beautiful.As a barista, I'm a bit of a snob about my coffee/espresso. Get your names right, get your consistency right, and if you have an auto-pulling espresso machine, I will be so disappointed.If you're a Dunkin Donuts/Tim Hortons, lotsa-cream-and-sugar kind of fool, get out of here. You can't appreciate all the effort that this place puts in. If you want an education on how classy coffee can actually be, come in. Make it a point, if visiting Montreal, to stop here-- even if it's a hike up that hill.
Feel like in Paris. Coffee was a little strong but definitely delicious.  Pastries were also very good.
Cute and convenient. Friendly service. Not sure about the hype. Croissant and espresso were just okay.
Decent atmosphere, free wifi, friendly staff. But the iced coffee tasted like water. The cookie was delicious though!
Good coffee, nice atmosphere. Liked the muffins.
Nice atmosphere, and good coffee close to the hotel I was staying at for a conference. I'd recommend it to others for a quick snack and coffee while they are in town.
Very good coffee! The service is good. The place has personality and a good amount of seats if you want to enjoy your coffee right there. They have good baked goods as well.
Pikolo Espresso Bar is THE one!The best espresso drink we had for our weekend in Montreal as we looks for a good cup of espresso.Cappuccino ($3.48) & Gibraltar ($3.04) both nicely done. My first time ever tried Gibraltar which is a double shot of espresso with just a touch of milk. The drink was strong and really gave me the boost I needed! The cappuccino was strong but yet mellowed by the nicely foamed milk.Pikolo has this really laid back vibe. Free wifi and tons of outlets. High ceiling and with a lot of windows letting natural light in!I can stay here and sip on my coffee for a long timeeeeeeeeeeeeee..............
I was just a blow into Montreal for a few days, so tried to find the best coffee places. Americans was good, had everything you might want to adjust it (milk, cream, cold water, honey or sugar) etc. Coffee itself was quite good, think it was a Brazilian bean they'd recently roasted.Recommended, though a tad more expensive ($3) than other speciality coffee houses and not sure the quality difference is there. Lovely decor, nice upstairs seating area. :) will be back next time.
Great atmosphere! would def drop by again the next time I'm in town. You can get a small sized Pikolo latte when a full sized latte is too big. Creamy and smooth and friendly staff. Has a nice section of pastries too.
Coffee that has a punchy taste, a deep flavor, something we didn't find in other places. Even with soy milk it still tastes fantastic, even though the soy milk absorbs much of the bouquet. Also, this was finally a place with decent chocolate buns and good croissants. Not too greasy but still tasty, not with rubbery and chewy outer shell like in some places.I'm not sure why some people complain that the coffee is too sour here. You get sour coffee when either the beans are sour or the brew was too hot, but neither was the case here. The espresso tastes more like it would in Italy, with depth and identity, not like what you might get from most café chains, where they might mask bland beans with sugar and chocolate.
Loved the mocha drink but the latte my fiancé had was mediocre.
The vibe here is awesome. It's happening yet chill and relaxing, at least on a Tuesday at around 2pm which is when I was there. There were many seats available and the view from the loft is great. My iced latte tasted awesome; smooth yet still quite strong. The baristas seemed really kind too and fluent in both English and French. Definitely recommend for studying or catching up with a friend.
Visited on an August morning - was quite warm inside. Interior is a bit tired and needs a thorough cleaning. Service was friendly and efficient. Coffee was delicious. Pastries had lost a bit of their flakiness due to the heat and humidity in the space. Would swing by again if in the neighborhood.
Cute little cafe! My husband and I got iced lattes on a hot and humid summer day which was a perfect little treat. The coffee flavor was superb but a little too creamy for my liking. I'd definitely come back.
Tried out roughly 10 coffee joints in Montreal and this place took the cake. Top notch coffee.
What an amazing little cafe on the outskirts of downtown Montréal!  After a long day of eating and walking, we managed to make our way down here before heading back to our hotel.  It was a hot day, and despite how badly I wanted to get an espresso drink, it was just WAY too hot.  I ended up ordered a cold brew for myself.  My boyfriend got a cappuccino (crazy on such a hot day if you ask me).My iced coffee was awesome, and he LOVED the cappuccino.  In fact, we just got back home to Buffalo, and he mentioned how he wishes he could have more of their espresso already!  The staff was very friendly.  The inside is very cramped and narrow.  I think there was seating upstairs, but we ended up getting some seats near the register.Overall, this coffee place was amazing.  I tried some of the cappuccino, and agreed that it was delicious!  You can definitely taste the passion for coffee that these small business owners have toward their product!
Absolutely fantastic coffee. Tasty tasty tasty espresso, perfectly frothed and poured lattes. The best coffee I had in Quebec and I would say equivalent if not better than Stumptown stateside. Service was fast and unpretentious. You can tell these guys love what they do. When I come out to Montreal again I'll be sure to drop by again.
I've had better. The rumor mill around this place seduces you, then you get there and you have a taste and you're like what the hell was the hype about? Yeah, it is good coffee. The product is nice. But seriously, nothing to freak out about. It is your standard independent coffee shop that makes an espresso you'll be glad to drink. I won't go out of my way for it but when I'm around the location, I'm glad its there. A solid good choice.
Flies everywhere. No AC. Mediocre coffee at best. Homeless ppl by entrance and nearby alleys. Don't know what the fuss is about.
A must go place for hipsters.
Best coffee I've had in North America! Closest to a standard Melbourne coffee I've managed to find. Lovely staff & nice atmosphere.
This is the first café I went to since living in Montreal. They make a fine cup of latte and cappuccino, but it's nothing spectacular that would blow me out the water. I do however, enjoy their latte art and it's always pleasant to come here after an exhausting day to sweet creative designs on my coffee. I've tried their lemon poppy seed bread and that thing I gotta say is dense and pack full of flavour. They sport a laid back and unpretentious atmosphere but finding seating could be difficult sometimes during their busy hours. I guess that simply showcases their popularity amongst the community.
Best coffee in Montreal. Period.I've been here multiple times and each time I'm more and more impressed. I love the lattes in winter time, and cold pressed coffee in the summer. I've also had the opportunity to take home coffee grounds and enjoy coffee in the comfort of my home. I have to say, I enjoy my latte and cold pressed coffee more than what I make at home, but I guess that just keeps me coming back. The scones are literally the best scones I've ever had- they change them daily. The most memorable one I had was with sweet potato, walnuts, and some type of cheese. It was incredible. The staff is also really friendly and make sure to put a smile on your face while ordering and waiting for your drink.Just writing this review makes me want to go back! Highly recommended.
Came here with a friend. I had an americano while my friend had a moka. The moka is absolutely to die for. Great coffee coupled with rich chocolate while balancing the sweetness just right. My americano was also great, not overly sour just the way I like them.The experience wouldn't have been the same without the croissant which are in my recollection some of the best I've had (or perhaps blame the hungry tummy). Melts in your mouth with rich buttery flavour and an awesome crunch. I would come back here for the croissant alone in a heartbeat. Do keep in mind other food offerings are quite limited so not the place to go if you feel going gastronomic with your coffee.The place is small, great atmosphere and was quite crowded the time I visited (early Saturday morning).
Brewed to perfection - is the only way I have to describe the coffee at Pikolo Espresso Bar. I read the positive reviews and went to try the little coffee shop for myself; an Americano for my husband and a Latte for me, both excellent! The space, featuring high ceilings as well as a second floor, is on the narrow side, however the daylight gives the locale a certain feeling of grandeur. On all occasions I visited the espresso bar, the staff was very courteous and the wait time very reasonable, on the quick side. The Latte itself was creamier than usual, and blended perfectly with the espresso. I definitely recommend!
Great coffee, great ambiance, decent music not too loud. It met my expectations for a cold day like today. Had an Americano and the place was cozy and great to chill for an afternoon. My friends had cappuccino, nice design on the top. It just missed a nice chocolatin or cake or muffin on the side which they probably ran out of.
Lovely place! Lattes and croissants are perfect. They were playing the Beach Boys when we walked in :) beautiful spot.
If I lived here, this would be one of my regular spots. The coffee is well poured, and with great beans. The space itself is beautiful (if small), with a strong artsy vibe - we came during the summer, but I'm sure it's popular with the college crowd. You can pick a spot and hang out for a bit, but I found it too busy and loud for my taste. But then, it's all about the coffee anyway, which more than made up for it.
Oh well... Professional coffee brewing with Brooklyn-grade mannerisms and paraphernalia, aging skaters, asymmetric haircuts,, tired tattoos, 'creative' gents with dreamy eyes and sticker-laden MacBooks, various combinations of wheat-flour, sugar and fat with fancy names such as Vegan Bombe d'Energie, along with a few gluten-free options for the modern-day neurotic... You get the picture.On the + side, their straight iced coffee is decent, which is extremely rare--on Earth. Noise level is comfortable. Music is tasteful. Natural light aplenty.
My girls needed coffee to rejuvenate after our first night in Montreal and although it took some effort and help - we made it to Pikolo.  Pikolo is a chic and minimalist cafe.  Very little seating inside, but we managed to find ourself one little table.  The barista/cashier was a Boston Native - small world!  Great service as he slowly explained the different muffins and items they serve.  I tried their orange/raspberry muffin and was blown away.  Sweet and sour.  Not your average muffin!  My friend tried their cauliflower muffin and although it was strange at first, she seemed to like it more and more.  To the point where she wanted another one!
After hearing so many good things about Pikolo I had to try it out and it did not let me down!  The coffee here is excellent and they always do a little foam art in your coffee which is a nice little touch.  I get the latte usually which always hits the spot.  Their baked goods are also worth trying.  I've only ever had the brownie but it was a mighty good one!Just note that the cafe is kind of small so seating can be hard to come by especially when it's exam time at McGill.  The cafe is located in the heart of the McGill Ghetto so it's a popular study spot.  Don't let this discourage you from checking it out though.  It's definitely a great coffee shop.
I really like the interior design of this place. Very hip! I also heard that their espresso beans were very good, full of flavour. I went there couple of times, and never was dissatisfied with what I got there. The only thing is that the place is really small, so not a lot of places to sit and chat if it is a busy day. But then again, that might be the charm of this small nice cafe!
"Pikolo's is where ya go if you're a coffee snob like me."  That's what our friend said to us as we woke up and got ready to explore Montreal.   With this comment in mind, we trekked to the itty-bitty coffee shop and stood in line, engulfed in the heavenly aroma of java and brews.  I ended up choosing the Chai Tea Latte and it's the best cup I've ever tasted.  Would definitely return the next time I am in Montreal.  Space is really cramped and there is no way to avoid bumping into others.  That really stinks when you're standing in line for 15 minutes.  Also, Pikolo accepts American dollars and gives you Canadian back, no foreign transaction fees here!
Love love this place. I have been here so many time i can't recall. Frist time was with my boyfriend. Tend to be a bit crowded some time. The service is always quick and they make super good coffee and the cakes/muffin/tart are always so good. I always look forward on trying new dessert.
I was looking for a place to get some espresso. This was a couple of blocks from my hotel. It has a cool vibe and they know their beans.  The espresso was evenly and cleanly pulled and had a flavorful depth of flavor. A great place that I recommend.
Pikolo. As the name suggests this is a tiny place. + Consistent coffee, I always take the Americano. It's good. However their espresso tend to be almost on the bitter side. Good cold brew. I wish they didn't fill half of the cup with ice, but hey. If you are getting it, it must be hot outside anyways.+ wifi with no problem+ chic people around. You feel good :)+ tasty treats. + gluten free/ vegan friendly. - tiny tiny tables (downstairs). It's ok to read something, but working with a laptop? Forget about it. Unless you sit under the stairs, then you have no light plus the ceiling is kinda low. If you like to study in the spacious places this is not your cafe. Go to Kitsune. - quite large tables upstairs. But you again don't feel spacious.All in all, good place to+meet with a friend +read a magazine or an articleNot good for studying, unless you are an absolute minimalist.
Love this cute little coffee shop near McGill. It also means you will have no problem with English and nobody would think of you differently if you don't speak French. Hooray. They use Westcoast beans and the familiar 49th parallel is brewed here among other roasters in the coast. It's so cute and fun to just people watch while seated on a stool. Fairly small seating area though.
This place is just not fair. Such a  flavorful Americano. How am I supposed to pick between here and Kitsume? Nice people work here, too. They also suffer from lack of comfortable seating but perhaps it's by design. I wish every cup of coffee was as good as Pikolo's.
Best espresso. Was a great stop in the morning for some caffeine and to warm up. Very kind service too. Don't forget to ask for coffee art!
Having spent the past four years in Montréal, I'd probably have to say that this is hands-down and arguably my favourite coffee-shop on the island (and in the world). Marie-Eve and her staff are incredibly kind and craft lovely experiences for new and old customers alike. When this place first opened, it didn't experience too much traffic (which made it a great study spot for McGillians and Concordia students as well as an awesome place to chat for locals). As the word got out about how great their espressos are, it has become more of a transient place to enjoy a cup of java and go on with your day. I sort of enjoy that it has evolved into the latter, as it allows all customers to enjoy the ambiance of the two-floor cafe as well as their beverages and freshly-baked goods. If you're super keen on studying or reading, you better get a spot in the early AM (the closer to 7, the better).If you know your day is going to be shitty, stressful, or unexciting, the best way to rectify that is by immediately popping into this intimate spot on Parc ave and treat yourself to a latte or a macchiato. If you're having a great day, it definitely doesn't hurt to celebrate by having a piece of the banana-chocolate bread with a cold brew in the summer!
While on my travels I have found it can be very difficult at times to find decent coffee because everyone has their own idea of what makes a good coffee (I still don't get people who can happily down a Starbucks coffee at the insane prices they charge for it)If you like great service, properly trained barista staff who know how to do proper espresso shots and steam/texture their milk the way it should always be done...Pikolo is the place for you!I had a great tasting cappuccino and the staff were pleasant and friendly. Perfect!
Amazing Espresso! But don't try and get it to go. My friend was almost beat up! (for good reason of course...)
Easy chilling bar. Went for early coffee and small breakfast. Americano was fantastic. Great way to start the day! And the yoghurt with rhubarb compote and granola - yammy!Could easily chill and relax, read newspapers, listen to music and watch people coming and going. (It was quite busy from 8-9am!)I like the industrial but cozy feeling. Definately worth checking out - not least because of the coffee!
One of my favourite places to get a latte.This place is tiny so I usually end up getting my coffee to go. I normally indulge in the latte so I cannot comment about the other genre's of coffee. The staff prepares my delicious drink so I trust them to prepare your cup to your liking.
This is a great little joint that coffee snobs will appreciate.The shop itself has a cozy, comfortable space. You're first greeted by a its distinctive green mouldings on the front windows, with a classy art-deco appeal, and you know this is not your faceless Starbucks or Second Cup. There's not a whole lot of room here to sprawl out and set up an all-day workspace (you know who you are), but for a hole in the wall it has good light and charming atmosphere. If you don't see a spot at first, check upstairs, where there are a few extra tables that you might not notice upon first glance. The coffee is nice. The baristas know their stuff, and the result is beautifully foamed milk and espresso pulled just to your liking. They also have a delicious cold brew, which seems to be something of a specialty item around here. The blueberry-lemon scone had just the right mix of crumbly, squishy, tart and sweet. I'll be back.
Great latte and fresh croissants with just the right amount of crunch. The pastry selection is small, but everything is delicious.
I'm still loving the interior at this place, especially the cozy mezzanine overlooking the bar. The café was recently bought out by mtl veterans Myriade and they've brought Phil & Sebastien roasters in, as well as a V60 brew bar for filter coffee-cool in theory, but often slow and inconsistent in practice. At least they've kept their tasty baked goods! Still a solid spot but not what it used to be. P.S. They often close an hour early at 6pm so call and check if you plan on arriving late.
Great looking spot...would have loved to taste the coffee but my americano wasn't ready after waiting 20mins...can't really say it was good since I had to leave before it was ready!!!!!!!
This place is good for a drink and a sweet bite to eat. I had the cold brew and a chocolate croissant. Both delicious. These folks know what they're doing.
Out of the three or four espresso/coffee bars I've been to in MTL, this one is by farmy favourite.For some reason, I liked it best. The espresso based drink I had was very good, and my friends enjoyed theirs.Backstory: I was in town for the weekend, visiting a West Coast friend who was in for a conference. I was referred to this spot by a local roaster, so I went. After that I dragged my friend over, since it was only a block from his hotel.Following our experience, I stopped here a few times, and my friend took all of his conference mates as well, and they all raved about it.The treats looked good, and the staff was nice. But most important: the coffee hit the spot.
I never ever write a review on Yelp even although the food (or whatever I try) is very good. However, this time I have to write something here! I have to say this espresso bar is my FAVORITE cafe ever! I came all the way from Boston to Montreal to try as many bakeries and cafes as I can. BY FAR, this place has the most amazing croissants, baked goods, espresso, and cappuccino in Montreal!! It was even "slightly" better than the ones in "Patisserie Au Kouign Amann(my second favorite bakery/cafe)". I strongly recommend their chocolate croissant and the apple turnover! They were just absolutely superb and magical. :) Their plain croissant and mini-upside-down chocolate cake were also very very delicious! I think they bake everything on the spot even several times a day(of course they should). The only thing you need to keep in mind is that they only accept cash or debit(from Canadian Banks) and that their wireless connection is not very strong. But still, it's my favorite place in Montreal. I am going to come back here again tomorrow morning before I leave for Boston. :)
Very good third wave coffee shop and really friendly staff.  We stopped here many times during our stay in Montreal.  Put this place on your list.
Love this place a thousand times over.  Some of the 5 star reviews will tell you why it's perfect.I will tell you WHY this has a few bad reviews:Their espresso is VERY strong and very bitter.  This is not a bad thing on their part- but up to personal preference.  This espresso is made to be put in milk based drinks and is best in milk based drinks like lattes, cappuccinos.  If you MUST try the espresso on it's own do NOT get allonge.  Allonge means "long"- which is a long pull and will make the already-bitter espresso- more bitter!  In Montreal people tend to drink their espresso allonge- which is actually pretty rare to find in the best coffee houses.  So if you are going to go the espresso route as expressly for a short "ristretto" pull OR get the macchiato or a dry cappuccino- that way some milk is incorporated and it will ease the bitterness of the espresso.(This place is also VERY anglo- being in McGill ghetto.  Some cafes with nicer espresso will not be so nice if you are Anglo- here there is no attitude, just good coffee).
I've been here several times, the place has free Wi-Fi, but gets pretty packed so it may be hard to find seat at peak hours. I'm not a normal coffee drinker, but had one of their coffee (can't remember which) and tea several times, which was nice. It's small (long, narrow shaped) place and not the place you want to sit in and study for hours, but a nice, warm place for a cup of coffee or tea (optionally with their in-house baked pastry). I saw many people get coffee/pastry to go. They have few seats at the counter, and few two-person high tables, and I saw few larger tables in the back as well.Personal opinion but, they have the best gluten-free chocolate mini bundt shaped cake. Not heavy, overwhelming or overly sweet, but with just the right amount of chocolate, it leaves you happy and fulfilled, and not craving for more.
Had to take our 4oz Pikolo Latte to go since the place was full, of good looking people. The latte was amazing. Left me a tingling sensation for me taste buds. Try it. Shame we couldn't find empty seats though. Service was sweet and rapid. Shame we couldn't find empty seats though.
Great coffee (we got cappucino and a not too sweet mocha), a savory zucchini muffin, and a sweet coconut banana bread.  Everything was super fresh and super tasty.  The shop holds maybe 20 people or fewer.  Atmosphere is cute and the staff is super friendly.
First cafe in Montreal. Early ih the morning, sip a polo latte. What  a day !!!!!! The decor is excellent
Pikolo coffee is good no doubt, quick morning service, great location during summer ...you can seat outside enjoy the sun and parc ave, friendly service and affordable
This is an excellent café. The baristas are extremely knowledgeable and friendly. They make your drink of choice with grace and love. This is serious artisanal coffee! My drink of choice is the Cortado or the Gibraltar (that is their moniker of choice for this particular drink at Pikolo) and it is excellent! Their blueberry scone is the best scone I've had outside of the U.K. but they go fast. Seriously, their scones are gone by like eleven o'clock... The early bird seriously gets the scone. Also their seasonal house fruit compote, granola and yoghourt parfait is sumptuous. Go here before, after or in between classes because it's a quick hop, skip and a jump away from McGill. Sit down, relax, read a book, study or daydream and let the world pass you by. If you're lucky you'll get a spot upstairs to set up shop and really enjoy your coffeehouse experience. Atop your regal perch you'll be able to survey your domain, pontificate over coffee and meditate on the universe. If you can't sit upstairs you should stay and sit downstairs and be in the mix. Enjoy!
I would never come here with someone else 'cause it's so goddamn hard to find spots for 2 or more. But that can never deter me away from this cafe. The pastries look delicious, all of them, and very homemade. I would say the prices are fair. And the latte here is the best latte I have EVER tasted. The right amount of creaminess, oh my. I had to pay $3.75 for a small sized latte and when I saw that the card machine required at least a minimum purchase of $5 I was a tad worried 'cause I only had debit on me. But the barista still put my card in. And I was like "Sweeeeeet!" I got to sit by the window, luckily. And the view was awesome. My legs also got to rest on the heater that was right under the high table. And though the place was crowded, it was not too loud.
If you like good coffee, this is not the place to go. If you like hipster looking coffees hops, but do not care about the taste of your coffee, it is a nice place. Went there twice and had an americano and both times the coffee was sour. Maybe it is ok if you put a lot of cream and sirup, but the coffee itself is below par.
Traveled from Montreal over the weekend and must say. I wish the coffee was as good. The place is hip and amazing. Cant wait to come back! The owner was really nice as well. Thank You :)
Wanted to like this place so badly with all those positive reviews out there, but we were not impressed with the cappuccino we got. Nothing special and for $4+, I've had better ones elsewhere. Tiny little place, super warm without AC in 70+ degree weather....not sure what the hype is about...
Visited Montreal from Ontario and Pikolo came highly recommended. We loved the atmosphere (cafe with neighborhood personality), friendly staff, great breakfast pastries and scones and great coffee. Clearly a winner for Montreal!
Good espresso and prompt, friendly service.
Pikolo Espresso Bar is a paradise for genuine espresso lovers. As soon as you walk in, you get a great whiff of its style and essence. The cafe's cool, young, and vibrant ambiance is made up within a perfect, cozy space to cuddle up in a corner with your laptop or catch up with a friend. They provide free and fast WiFi so you can get your work done efficiently while sipping on the greatest pick-me-up you will ever have. Pikolo does not serve food, but they do serve delectable baked goodies that seem to be made fresh and change on a regular basis.Their menu is focused on great espressos and the art of making a fantastic coffee. I always order their cappuccino, it is so good that it has changed my life and my expectations. It is the real deal. Moreover, the little designs that they so perfectly draw over your espresso absolutely blows my mind. My jaw dropped as I was watching the barista pour the steamed milk into the cup, effortlessly creating a beautiful tulip for me. The staff is bilingual, friendly, and so skilled that I am positive they could whip up any coffee to meet your needs.
Beautiful little space, a great addition to the neighbourhood! I had driven, walked and bused by many a time without stopping in, and it took running into a coworker who was on her way there to finally convince me to stop. And am I glad that it all worked, because that was one enjoyable coffee. In a pretty space. Made by competent people. At a reasonable price. Add it all up: good stuff!
Shut up and take my money.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
Cute little coffee shop with great coffee and chocolate croissants. Good place for people watching.
Visited from San Francisco and felt quite at home in this narrow little cafe. Espresso bright but balanced. The baristas were knowledgable and attractive. I got several excellent food recommendations out of them and some regulars. This cafe makes me feel like I could move to Montreal and everything would be alright.
Simply the best coffee in Montreal. I love everything about this little place. They know their coffee and how to make the perfect cup. The lad making it was pretty cute too. Haha
This is quite simply a genuine 5-star world class purveyor of coffee. The greatness at Pikolo starts with the owner who is REAL coffee person; meaning she goes to great lengths to ensure the integrity of the people, equipment, processes, and ingredients to provide a consistent level of excellence that is lacking in soooooo many places we carelessly slap with the label of greatness due to having been randomly blessed by the "Hit" portion of the hit or miss equation.  Superb, freshly roasted beans are always on hand with a generous assortment available for take home as well.  Baked goods are also top class with vegan and gluten free offerings typically on the menu.  All of this goodness is delivered in a very laid-back environment without the double-shots of hipster pretentiousness that can (and do) spoil some of the other great coffee houses in the city (and everywhere)  Convenient to the hotels on Sherbrooke if you're a tourist / business visitor.  If you're a student and haven't found this place then you should just give up and go to school in another city.
Im on a mission to try as many local coffee shops as I can in Montreal before heading back to California. Pikolo is right down the street from my apartment and I have been there a few times. My favorite drink on the menu are their lattes. Very smooth taste, barely any bitterness and a good amount for the price. I used to have to put tons of sugar in my lattes just to tolerate the bitter taste. But thanks to Pikolo, all i need is a dash of cinnamon and i'm good to go!
Great coffee, delicious pastries, awesome staff, bright and beautiful atmosphere--just all around good cafe vibes. Pikolo's one of the many quintessential cafes found here in Montreal; ahh you people here are so lucky to have so many great cafes in your city!
This place easily ranks with the best coffee in Montreal. I really like the blend here, and they serve it just the way it should be. If you're after some "tall" crap (ie. from Starbucks, etc) then stay away from here, and from me too. I gather from the other reviews that the owner spent time in Australia, so it's all starting to make sense now.All the pastries look great. I've tried the chocolate blueberry scone and will get it again next time I see it - they seem to vary daily, and most of them look made on site.The ambience is nice. There's not a huge amount of space (which isn't as negative for a cafe), and it does have a cool mezzanine level. Definitely a place you could come with a laptop and get some work done.
Man, this has become my HAVEN in Montreal!!!  I've tried most of the so called coffee shops around Downtown Montreal...,and this shop out does them by a LONG shot!!!  I only wish I could bring you back to Dallas, Texas where I'm from.  AWESOME place!!!  :)
Pikolo is infamous in Montreal for its coffee and atmosphere. It's got a huge selection of yummy coffee, made from freshly ground coffee beans. Pikolo has got cool beans, indeed. As you enter the shop you are greeted with a hanging drape. The drape alludes to the chilled atmosphere inside, compelling you to drop everything and just hang out for a while.It usually fills up with students on weekdays. You can see a lot of them typing away on their Macs in the back throughout the day. Plenty of gorgeous women, which some can consider as part of the decor ;)Staff was awesome - friendly and chilled.
I had a latte and a cookie to-go here earlier today, very quick service and the place had a cool vibe. The coffee was excellent, the barista was friendly, and it's located right around the corner from my hotel. I'll definitely be back before I leave Montreal this weekend. Highly recommended.
This is a favourite cafe in Montreal. The coffee is fantastic, and very well made. The selection of pastries is remarkable with both sweet and savoury options (thank you). And finally the small, narrow space creates a warm sense of place. Lovely place to spend 30 min taking a break from the day.
Coffee so good, you'll just want it black.  The vegan blueberry and lemon bisquit (cookie) was also quite yummy, moist and flavorful.
I visited Montreal for the first time and tried this cafe. In my opinion, the cappuccino was as great as the best ones in Manhattan. The cupcake was better than those in US though; much less sweet and it had a herb which was totally new to me. Awesome!
This half of a lovely high-ceilinged industrial-type building was renovated and turned into a darling little coffee shop that smells just like Italy and serves the best cappuccinos in the area.Mostly populated by what seem to be McGill students and some resident hipsters tapping away on their laptops, the space is not devoid of outlets, making it easy for you to plug in and get some work done on a rainy afternoon -- or, well, any other afternoon of the year.To come here in the morning and order something at the counter, listen to the tapping and whirring of their wonderful Mirage espresso machine, take in a whiff of the deliciously homey ground coffee beans, sit on a high stool at the window, and people-watch on Park Avenue, this place appeals to all the senses. Did I mention their great-tasting cappuccinos?
we ducked in  here on our first day in montreal. it's small, quaint, and has this gritty but rustic feel to it. rest assured that everyone is super friendly. the space may be small, but its got tons of heart. you come here for their drinks and especially their coffees which have beans roasted in the local area or around canada (i know, quite a large area). we ordered a london fog with a croissant (see, i did eat a crossiant everyday!). the LG was light and surprisingly a little heady with a good foam on top. while, i cannot profess to loving the fog, i was definitely transported into a whimsy in one taste. especially enjoyable when there's light rain outside. the space is fantastic and the vibe here is hard to beat. :)
Best coffee I've ever had.  PERIOD.  Best cafe mocha I've ever had.  Cool interior space with plenty of places to sit, chat, or study.  Friendly baristas.  I'd move to Montreal just to be near Pikolo.
got a cappuccino on a rainy weekend and the flavor was slightly bitter, but not bad. the small cafe reminds me of so many in nyc except that it was not jam-packed. on the other hand, i am not sure this is all that great of coffee place. my friend and i drank our drinks but perhaps it is that we are used to a lot better (blue bottle, joes, etc. in nyc?). not bad, but nothing to write home about. would i order a drink again? sure, after all, caffeine is necessary to pump into my blood stream.
Best coffee and croissants in town and great service. My absolute fave coffee place, I just wish it was bigger. It's really small inside.
Came back again ! Definitely the best coffee place in Montreal. Oh and the baristas are cute too! Even though the iced soy latte was $5.70 it was definitely worth it ! Definitely on par with the coffee culture in Sydney Australia !
Good lattes and coffee. Good people -- both baristas and the crowd. Good pastries. Great place to relax and get some studying done. Many McGill students seem to end up here, studying. Baked goods are tasty...Overall, this was a very enjoyable place to taste good-quality coffee and get some work done while seeing the locals live in Montreal. Wifi is somewhat slow, which can be an issue.
Cheaper than Starbucks, not to mention a local business,  cozy atmosphere and perfect for business meetings.
We ordered a cappucino, and cold brew, both were delicious. we sat in the window to watch people walking by.  Friendly service for us non-French speakers. Be sure to stop by the AMAZING paper store next door!!!
Cute coffee place, this place can get a bit crowded.   Try looking upstairs for table.  You might have your luck in finding a table. They have brew tea as well that are served in this cast iron tea pot.  We ordered a latte and a drip brew coffee.    Both coffee pretty Good.  Would come back again to try out other items on the menu.
As far as coffee goes, this is the perfect cup regardless of whether you prefer espresso or cappuccino or something in between (gibraltar, latte, etc.).  Their bakery is also amazing. The croissants are buttery and fluffy and their apple turnover is simply stunning.
Walked a mile and a half in pouring rain from my hostel to get what looked to be the best coffee in the area (according to Yelp). Well, this ain't it. Or, at least, I hope it's not.I agree with every other assessment of the sourness. My first drink, a macchiato, was just straight up face-puckering. My second, a cold brew, was more palatable due to the ice watering and mellowing the brew a bit, but still definitely with the sour. Finally, I decided I'd just get a cup of the house coffee, and man, once the temp went into lukewarm territory, I couldn't finish it.It's a shame, because the space is great. The music, while I was there, was eclectic and not overbearing. The staff was helpful and friendly... just, wow, terrible tasting coffee.For the record, I've found this to hold true: if the beans on display are lighter and look to be dry, not oily, then you can bet on the brew being this type of sour/bitter.
After reading most of the reviews and realizing that it is minutes from my parents; Sunday I went with my aunt; we had a cold brew, a mochaccino and quinoa cranberry muffin.Service was friendly and quick and the coffee was okay, texture of the muffin novel to us.This is really a student hangout; despite enjoying the people watching at the window, neither of us felt in our element; for this reason I wouldn't go back.
While we were visiting Montreal we had a hard time finding good coffee in the area. The coffee everywhere else wasn't necessarily bad, but I work for Mocha Joe's in Vermont, so I get to drink great coffee everyday.Pikolo was serving Phil & Sebastian and Heart coffee roasters, which is definitely good stuff, up there with Intelligentsia or Terroir. The espresso shots were single origin and we had Ethiopian Yurko. It was really bright up front and faded into a sort of cocoa as a finish. In my opinion the espresso isn't sour, it's acidic and when it comes to specialty coffee, that's a desirable characteristic. They also have a super nice Mirage espresso machine, weigh out the ground coffee for each shot and used naked portafilters so they (and you if you want to) can see the pour.The drip coffee was Guatemala La Esperanza. The only thing they didn't have that I wanted was a larger cup, they only serve one size for to go cups which I think was 12oz. That's usually what I drink but as we headed out of Montreal, I really wanted a larger cup for the road.The Barista's were super friendly, knowledgeable and happy to chat with me about coffee for a couple of minutes. We also tried a variety of their muffins and they are totally worth getting if you want a light snack or breakfast. Overall, awesome place that you should definitely check out if you love coffee as much as I do.
yum yum yum yum..Yuuuuuuuuuum!I am a trained barista. I worked at a cafe for 5 years so I am very picky about my coffee & tea choices. Pikolo is hands down the best cup of coffee I have had in years. I had a soy latte on my first visit and I had to work really hard not to go all Arsenio Hall "woot woot woot" up in that shop. On my second (and sadly last) visit, i had the iced peppermint tea which they steeped (loose tea) and iced - very proper like. Soo good. I will miss thee Pikolo! Please open up a shop in NYC!
Good coffee, busy ambiance.
Excellent latte. Great service.
One of the best espresso bars in Montreal. Coffee is high quality and the baristas are very professional. Internet is reliable.
Your a long way from Starbucks homie.   They do coffee right.  Enjoy!
Definitely one of my Top 3 coffeeshops in Montreal, and the one I frequent most. Like other good places, the menu is no nonsense because they focus on good espressos and derived drinks, but they can probably make anything you ask.The staff is bilingual, no CC just debit $5 min, all drinks can be served cold, there's free WiFi, and of course having the cutest barista in Mtl doesn't hurt either.I love the Pikolo Latte and the Gibraltar, the banana bread is a must too!! I think they serve yogurt with homemade jam too, not on the menu. If you're a regular ask for a frequent customer card.
Seriously good coffee place.  I had a Machiato and a double espresso.  Both were very good.  Espresso had good taste and great crema.  The barista properly double-tamped the puck an the result was great.This is a serious coffee place for people who are serious about coffee.
Everything about my experience here was perfect, except for one thing: the espresso.  I'll get to that in a moment. First, the positives. Mind-numbingly fresh and flaky croissant, perky and attentive help, hip and modern atmosphere, reasonable prices, and perfect location made this coffee bar a great choice.Unfortunately, the espresso is following the trend of so many hip, new wave, trendy coffee bars across North America, they're sour. Insanely and inappropriately sour. So much attention and detail is put into producing what is an overly sour shot. Either the coffee is too fresh or the temperatures are too low at the beginning of the pull, but it's just not the way espresso should be. Smoothed out by milk, the coffee stands up well, but as a single straight shot, not so much.If the espresso hadn't been a sour acid bomb, I would have easily given this place five stars.
Easily top 10 in MTL.  Everything about this place screams awesomeness!  The only issue is seating but it kind of adds to it's value... Something about the law of scarcity I believe.
Second best espresso pull of three coffee shops visited today (a compliment).  Very good quality and handling by the barista.  The London Fog was very good as well.  Staff was very personable and the music selection was great.  Free wi-fi enabled us to stay longer than expected and spend more money.  The downstairs can become a little tight because it stays busy, but it was never overwhelming.  Unisex bathrooms.  The woman behind the counter was friendly and charming to everyone.
I can't give a complete review because I only tried their espresso, but let me just say that the double shot I ordered was a pretty terrible espresso for an 'espresso bar'. I may not be an espresso expert, but I'm pretty sure that they are not supposed supposed to be sour. What I had was definitely under-extracted, and could've been pulled a few extra seconds. Everything happened so fast that I didn't even see the grind, dose, tamp, and pull, so I'm not sure if something else could've been a problem.To their credit though, was that even in all its sourness, I could taste that the beans they used was amazing. Tons of character. They also have a great selection of direct trade beans.Other than that, the decor was cool, and the atmosphere was amazing. However, that sour espresso made me feel that it's all hype.
This is my favourite cafe in the city. It's a cozy spot with a great relaxed vibe and awesome decor. Staff is really warm and welcoming. The coffee and espresso is fantastic. What more could you ask for? :)
I love independent cafés, and a café with baristas who rock Movember are probably the ones for me. If you're in Montreal with some downtime, I'd suggest this place as a wonderful way to kill time with a good book and lively atmosphere. There's plenty of seating - considering how small the café is and the price is decent too! I mean, you're probably going to spend the same amount at your regular Second Cup or whatever - so unless it's Tim Hortons, there's no reason not to support your local café. And there's free wifi!I got a London Fog (the recent drink of my life) and loved it. Strong Earl Grey flavor in a nice big cup. I really wished I could try the baked goods but I didn't have too much cash on me. Maybe next time - because Pikolo really convinced me that Montreal is worth that long trip!
There are outlets and a nice loft w 4 tables.
My girlfriend and I stumbled across Pikolo - open just three weeks - while she was looking for great coffee in Montreal.  She wasn't disappointed.  I'm not a coffee fan, but Daniela - a coffee snob - sighed in happiness at her first sip, and I thoroughly enjoyed the chai tea latte I had.  The chocolate banana bread was spectacular and spicy (with cloves, all spice, and nutmeg), and is baked by proprietor Marie-Eve herself.  Marie-Eve is super friendly and cut her teeth on third-wave coffee in Australia.  She's incredibly passionate about coffee and Pikolo feels cool and friendly without being pretentious.  The space is beautiful, with high ceilings, dark wood, tons of light, and metal fixtures.  Really a great place to get some work done, sip a delicious hot bevvy, or write a yelp review ;) If we lived this wonderful city, this would be my go-to coffee shop. I have no doubt Pikolo is going to be a fixture of the Montreal coffee shop scene for a long time.
A tie for the best cappuccino in Montreal (in my opinion of course) and some fantastic pastries.A bit piccolo in the inside but I'd guess that's the point.  Really really good coffee and that's why I was there.  Would I walk 4k in the cold again for a couple of caps?  Probably, as long as I could sit for a minute and enjoy the day.
I met someone here for coffee and we generally had a good experience (the coffees and oolong were good, and the chocolate croisant I ordered was amazing).  That being said, I'm not giving it a 5 star rating because my chai latte was straight up weird.  As in, it didn't taste like tea.  Actually it kinda tasted like the daffodil leaf that my brother dared me to eat when we were like 8.  Or the cactus milk we drank.  I can't decide (though it is remarkable that we didn't kill ourselves by eating so much shrubbery).Anyways, try the chocolate croisant.  But I would not recommend the chai.
Pikolo is a great alternative to the corporate coffee chains you find on Park Avenue. I often make a detour to go take an espresso there - it tastes amazing, a little sour like it's custom in Northern Italy. The only problem is that, well, the coffee shop is indeed small. I often need to consume my espresso standing. But I guess an always full coffee shop is better than an empty one.Continue your great job.
A fantastic place with top quality coffee. The staff was friendly and entertaining with a great atmosphere about the place.
Nice place to look at.Sour light roast espresso if you're into that.
Whoops never been here. Didn't mean to write a review. Need to figure out how to delete!
These clowns don't take credit cards. I walked out...
I too stumbled across Pikolo by complete accident, but it wasn't open as it was late at night. I promised myself that I would venture back there in the morning for a little quality testing.I was not disappointed with my first visit. My latte was superb and it tasted so fresh...the owner whose name I'm not yet familiar with is extremely friendly and gracious...the chocolatines and other pastries are either made or baked on site. While delicious, the chocolatines were a bit too greasy for my taste. The space is cozy and well appointed, there is also a little mezzanine for upstairs seating, tables and bar stools by the window so you can watch passers by on Avenue du Parc.Pikolo is welcome addition to this charming and constantly evolving neighborhood!
It's not easy to find a good espresso bar in downtown Montreal, but this one is really good! It's a cute place, and I tried the Pikolo latte, which was perfect
I tried an Americano, and I found it too sweet. My BF really enjoyed his, but the particular beans they use are not pleasing to my palate. I've experienced this with many high rated coffee shops, and end up disappointed.We also tried a lemon poppy seed scone and a croissant. Both were quite tasty!The staff are very friendly, and the decor is awesome. I just wish the coffee tasted stronger and fuller.
I didn't like my mocha.  Buyer beware that they don't take credit cards.
If you're downtown near McGill then this is the place to get a latte.
Thus is not only a great espresso bar in Montreal it's probably one of the best I've been to ever -- great espresso drinks and the best, fluffiest peach scone I believe is on the planet! A definite stop
Tourist-friendly. Good coffee and scone. Will try croissants if have chance and they are not sold out.
Sets the bar for bad service. Drinks forgotten and then wrong ones hastily delivered. Barista busy swatting flies and doesn't wash hands before going back to the espresso machine. More lost points for playing generic euro synth dance music. A bummer because try stock really good coffees and seem very popular.
Really great coffee bar serving coffee from some of the best roasters in North America (Phil & Sebastian - Calgary and Heart - Portland on the day I visited).  Their granola and yogurt was just what I needed, and the coffee was pulled by a good looking barista who really knew what he was doing.  Loved the look and feel of the space. If I lived in Montreal I would def hang out here.
So glad we made the trek out here despite the snow. awesome awesome awesome savory muffins, great chai and lattes, and best of all, the yogurt! So good.
For the week that I am staying in Montreal, this is my local coffee shop and I feel that I really lucked out. It's also the only place of its kind in the area as far as I could tell. The coffee is stellar, the vibe is cool, the pastries are delicious, and it's conveniently located up the street from the metro. The staff is friendly, bilingual, and has great taste in music. This place is a total win in my book.
After all the hype, really quite overrated. I wouldn't call the espresso "exceptional" in any way. Not bad, but nothing special either.  What is it with Mtl and sour espresso? Pastries I've tried have been pretty good. Nice ambiance, though a bit crowded. Rent is cheap in this city, you couldn't find more space?  Other reviewers are raving about the place as a destination for hanging out, but it's rare that you'll be able to actually find a seat and work, especially if you have more than 2 members in your party.  Staff is friendly but not really exceptional.  Perfectly acceptable, but certainly not the best in Mtl.  Keep looking guys.
I had discovered this place online before coming to Montreal and it was also recommended to me by a friend. Needless to say, I was excited to try the coffee at Pikolo! In the end, I was a bit disappointed. My macchiato was alright, though did not live up to the hype. Good for a coffee if you're in the area, though not worth a special trip.
Wow.  Character, style, substance (great coffee).   So cool, so good.
This city's coffee is off the wall. I mean it. What is special about Pikolo is the fact that the ambience feels like you stepped into NYC. A quiet, dreamy NY that is. The coffee is great and what is even more exciting is that they take and make their coffee seriously! If you enjoy Cafe Myriade, Saint Henri Micro-Torrifactor then you will not be disappointed! I can pretty much guarantee this!.
Awesome coffee, great service and the decor is very cool. Worth every drop. They serve their coffee quite short, so beware.
awesome coffee. very nice cafe. free fast wifi. great service. quite busy and a little cramped inside, but highly recommended!
Great coffee, atmosphere, and baked goods in this little place. If you are in the McGill area this is the best coffee there is. However this place doesn't stack up to the big boys in town like Cafe Olympico. Lattes have been inconsistent, the place can get filled with dirty dishes, and it lacks proper airflow. I gave it 4/5 because it is the best in the neighborhood but it can be better if it worked out some of these problems. A good addition to Montreal's coffee scene.
first rate cappuccino- comparable to the bay area's best (blue bottle, four barrel).  a pleasant surprise.
Had the Smoked meat sausage and it was great! You could see the pieces of smoked meat inside and the homemade pickles really served it well. Definitely a quality hot dog!I'm not giving a full five star only for the tiny fact that I think the pickle salsa should be drained of the juice a bit more as the bread quickly became soggy, Oh well. Still yummy
Location: Food truckThe place: Still a food truck.The goods: I generally don't eat meat but sometimes I get a hankering for it. Today was such a day and as luck would have it, these guys were parked right outside Lufa Farms so I got to try them out. I decided to go for the Montreal Smoked Meat, served on ciabatta (I think) and topped with homemade pickles. I quite liked this little doggy - you can definitely taste the smoked meat but the sausage isn't overly salty at all. The pickles were delicious and the bread was fresh. Personally, I thought the 'hot dog' was too big to eat with my hands so I grabbed a fork and knife and that was that. Service: Super friendly!Price point: A little expensive - one dog is $9. I get that these are 'gourmet' sausages but I think $5 would suffice. I mean, it's just a hot dog.
I ordered the sriracha sausage on a steamed bun and fries. The fries were really good! Hot and crisp - super enjoyable! The dipping sauce is smoky and well balanced. I would definitely order the fries and dip again. The steamed bun was warm and soft, all of the toppings were delicious (peanuts, coriander, green papaya) but the sausage was dry. Like really dry. The flavor was good but just so dry. Crumbly even. I ended up removing the sausage because I had to dip it in mustard and extra sriracha to moisten it. I like that they have a trio so you can get fries, sausage dish and drink for a discounted price (I think the drink is $1 or something like that).
What is there to say? Nomade SO6 makes sausage centric lunches and they do it with brilliance :D They have a smoked-meat sausage with homemade chips. Cheddar-Bacon with sour cream and some taters which sells out FAST of course and the Pogo (or Corn-Dog) style sausage served with yellow beet chutney is MINDBLOWING. BEST POGO EVER. I hope they come by the park more often, it was amazing.
I went to the stall in the Atwater market to get some lunch.  We got a Cheddar Bacon sausage and a Peanut and Coriander sausage.Both we not only cold inside, but the cheddar bacon one was almost raw.   The taters were overdone.  We ended up bringing them home and cooking them ourselves and the flavor of the bacon cheddar one was pretty good, but the peanut coriander one was a real disappointment.  It was super dry and we threw out most of it. Sounds like we missed out on the pogo, but for the price (8$) for each sausage I won't be trying them out any time soon.
My type of place! A small hole in the wall place - no seating, walk in, join the line, and munch on your food outside. Made the trip to this place on both mornings that I was in Montreal. (As well as making a trip to St Viateur.)Though they don't spice up the salmon and cream cheese bagel with any other toppings, the quality of the ingredients are great on top of their already amazing bagels. Worth the wait in line! They are CASH ONLY!
Not sure what the hype is all is about. Fairmount is good but not worth a special trip here (sorry for the unpopular opinion)Compared to bagels at Tim Hortons, Fairmount wins when it comes to the plethora of selection and the quality of the toppings (recommend trying the all dressed! But I kinda prefer the texture of the Tim Hortons toasted bagels drenched in butter better. Fairmount's was dense, hard, cold and hurts my mouth eating it.Again, try it if you're in the area. It's still a good choice for a quick breakfast, but not worth trekking it here.
I think I'm going to get bagels chucked at me for giving this place such a low rating comparing to other but meh. Honestly, I don't get the hype over Montreal bagels. They're small, dense and after eating it, I feel like there's a rock in my stomach. Nonetheless, I made the trek here prior to leaving Montreal to see what the hype is all about.We got two dozens of assorted bagels and munched on a few during our drive back. They smelled amazing in the car (especially the garlic one) so obviously I started with that one. Sad to say the bagels were hard and the garlic was burnt.If I ever go to Montreal again, I try another Montreal bagel. I'll keep on trying until I build an acquired taste for hard, dense, overcooked dough.
Maybe I'm spoiled by fluffy Long Island bagels, but I am not a fan of Montreal-style bagels.They are small dense, and flavorless.I had a sesame bagel from Fairmount, it tasted like a bland pretzel.]Maybe the other spots are better? Cash only.
The Fairmount Bagel has been around since '49, but the family business of bagels started back in 1919.  Founded by Isadore Shlafman, this tiny bagel shop offers sesame seed, poppy seed, plain, caraway seed, onion, garlic, 'all dressed,' mueslix, flax seed, power bagel, whole wheat, multi-grain, blueberry, chocolate chips, cinnamon and raisin, pumpernickel, NY style pretzels, boxo, sweet bagels, matzoh bread, bagel chips, and mini bagels.  Known for their sesame bagels, I got one with some cream cheese to-go.  I was surprised at how adding a thin layer of cream cheese was just under $5, so that was a little discerning.  The bagel itself was stiff, tough, and not much chew to it.  It really didn't have any flavor to it, but I did appreciate the generous amount of sesame seeds that covered the whole thing.  There isn't much room to stand, and it's all to-go, as the place itself is packed with racks and racks of packaged breads and bagels.  Staff were friendly.+bagels with spreads are expensive!+tough, stiff bagels T___T
Have always been and continue to be my favourite bagels. Love having them when they come warm out of the oven.  They also toast really well when they age a bit..A definite must for bagel lovers...
I went seeking the best Montreal bagels while in Montreal and I believe Fairmont  is the victor with an ever so slight lead. You certainly aren't going here for the service,  even when it's not busy you're about as important to the cashier as a watermelon in fruit ninja.   They want you dealt with as quickly as possible so they can move on end of story.  But,  the next best option for Montreal bagels is about the same and perhaps a bit ruder. First I recommend anything that's hot and fresh and second I recommend the chocolate chip bagels which have a cinnamon honey flavor (with chocolate... mmm).  When they are hot and fresh they don't need any butter or cream cheese... just eat it like a hot pretzel like they do as locals. This place is 24 hours so I recommend trying to get here a little off hours.  We got here at about 10pm, still found fresh stuff and had no one else in the store.  It's obvious they deal with hoards of bagel lovers at certain times of day.
St-Viateur is better, as bagels and as human beings.Maybe a tough comparison, but was mildly disappointed with the cold, New York-y textured bagel ultimately packaged in bags by Fairmount Bagels.  In comparison, the fresh-out-of-the-oven offerings at St-Viateur were transcendant, with slightly crunchy shells giving way to sweet steaming carb flesh.That said, the bagel with lox and cream was excellent.  Compared to NY, sandwiches feature maybe a third of the cream cheese volume, allowing for a more careful taste of the fish and bagel.  No onions or capers.Cash only; Fairmount takes USD, but at an awful 1:1 conversion (versus St-Viateur's rough 5:6?).  Bring your loons.
Montreal vs New York Bagel, NY wins!Cash only.Small building. Very cramped when you wait in line  and when you order. Sesame Bagel - $.90 - Fresh, warm, and chewy. Sesame seeds are traditional. Size and texture are different from the normal NY bagel. Good but I still prefer a NY bagel.
It's not that the bagel was bad. In fact, it was quite good! I just had a bagel from a place two blocks away and had a nice warm sesame bagel. I got the everything bagel here, and although good, it was not as fresh tasting as the one I just had. This one had no place at all to eat the bagels and the entryway to order the bagels was quite cramped. They have a lot more variety than the other place though. The bagel here is different than in the States, where they look fatter. The ones here are skinnier so the hole in the center is bigger.You can purchase cream cheese (Philadelphia) for 50 cents. Cash only.
Fairmount Bagel is a small establishment, but home of the Montreal bagel. BAGEL: I wanted a full breakfast type of bagel, but looking back, I should have gotten a damn sesame bagel! I got the garlic bagel with salmon and cream cheese (talk about rich and delicious). Unfortunately, there is no seating area inside, so we went to a coffee store around the corner and got coffee and ate the bagel in peace! This place is a strict in and out get your half dozen/dozen bagels and get outta there. Sadly, my bagel was not toasted before given to me, so that made the bagel less than ideal. Overall, less doughy than a NYC bagel, but gives it that less carby filling feeling and ultimately delicious!
Walking in here you feel almost like you're entering a hoarder's apartment, except that whereas a hoarder's space would be full of junk, Fairmount's is full of bagels, delicious, delicious bagels, bagged and arrayed on palettes stacked ten-feet high.  You walk through a short corridor, pressed between a wall and these bagel towers, to the counter.  I'm not sure how this setup passes fire-safety standards, but it's got character and is kind of delightful.  It had me imagining them moving to a bigger space and setting up a proper labyrinth.But I digress.  The bagels are the important thing here, and they are good.  I had an onion bagel, and a sesame.  Both were fresh, and I ate one plain and the other with a smear of cream cheese.  Fairmount offers a small menu of spreads--they'll put a pat of butter or a smear of cream cheese, that sort of thing--but the bagels are pretty good on their own.  Since Montreal and New York are reputed to have a bagel rivalry, I'll note that the bagels at Fairmount are smaller (50-70% smaller) than their NY counterparts, less salty, chewier.  I loved the size--it meant I could try two here then walk over to St-Viateur for a couple more!--but I liked NY-style bagels better in the end.  The NY-style, with its size and thickness, is more versatile, and it's shell had more pull while its body is fluffier.  Sorry Montreal.  You're still wonderful.
I know that the topic of Montreal's best bagel is a divisive one and that I may have to fly under the radar for a bit after posting this review... BUT this is actually Montreal's best bagel. Yes, St Viateur is only a street away and delicious in its own right. Yes, the difference is marginal- a fraction of a fraction of an element of flavour. NEVERTHELESS, this is Montreal's best bagel!!!!
So these are okay bagels. Very different from what I am used to in NYC, but I expected that. These were almost flakey on the outside and a bit chewy on the inside. I got the "all dressed" which I feel is the equivalent to an everything bagel. The flavor of the all dressed overpowered the entire bagel and I couldn't really get the bagels flavor. I wish I had gotten a sesame bagel instead. This place is insanely small and people came in in droves getting dozens of bagels. They have lox and cream cheese spreads as well. I had to try because of the hype and I would recommend trying them for sure. I don't know that I need to come back though.
My review is not going to help you solve the great bagel debates of 1) St. Viteur v. Fairmount, or 2) Montreal bagels v. NYC style. What I can offer is a whole-hearted endorsement of all things made of carbohydrates. Montreal bagels are delicious. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a moron, or a liar. They are sweeter than the NYC style, and a lot less doughy. I find that less dough- equals a better carb to cream cheese ratio. Fairmount bagels are wonderful. You will have to wait in line for them- but they are worth it. I ordered a to-go bag of 12. There are a lot of flavors to choose from including: All-dressed, Garlic, sesame, chocolate, cinnamon-raisin, "a sweet bagel" (whatever that is), poppy seed, plain, etc. My favorite was the garlic bagel, second places goes to all-dressed. Fairmount does not have a toaster- so you'll have to eat your bagels "raw" or bring them home and prepare them. Fairmount sells cream cheese - in a few different varieties, and can direct you to a good lox shop down the street. They also sell day-old bagels at a discount, already helpfully arranged in bags, to the side of the counter.Bagel-sellers speak English. They are excellent at handling complex orders and are efficient at gathering all of your beloved demands. Open 24 hours a day. It's a good place to shop for vacation "presents" for your jealous friends and family. Last word of advice: Fairmount bagels keep well in the freezer. If you freeze you bagels- you just need to zap them for approximately 30 seconds- and as if they are fresh again.
Simply the best,To the St-Viateur bagel doubters: Grab a half dozen from each place and try it on the spot,  save one for the next day as well
So many better options for a quick breakfast in Montreal.
Still the best bagels I had especially when you toast it a little and add cream cheese or Nutella etc..The ones i got were fresh out of the oven. I wanted it to be fresh as possible I actually bought a dozen of these bagels back to Buffalo, NY to share with my co-workers and every single person that got a bagel loved it.They also say its different from all the bagels they have ate. I told them its Montreal style bagels, not sure what that means, but either way they loved it.I'll be back when I'm in town and will bring back more than a dozen, because the dozen I brought back Did not last and alot of people were wondering if I had more.
Everyone knows that Montreal has the best bagels in the world, I have converted many a New Yorker after they finally tried one from here! But even within our fair city, there are 2 camps of bagelry: Fairmount or Saint Viateur. While both are delicious and tasty, especially when hot out of the oven...nothing, no NOTHING compares to a Fairmount bagel. People whine about certain flavours not being available...WTF are you even talking about?!? There are only 2 that you should concern yourself with: sesame or poppy seed: PERIOD. The 'flavoured' ones are for sissies and tourists.Cash only, don't be scared if the queue goes out the door, it moves fast. They freeze well, so I am told, but I eat them all before it ever comes to that!
So worth the journey to get to.  I was staying at a hotel in the south part of the city and one morning my  boyfriend and I went on a quest for bagels.  Luckily I read the reviews and got salmon and cream cheese on a sesame bagel and it was amazing.  I am not a bagel lover, but obviously that is just because I've been stuck with NY style bagels my whole life. Fairmount bagel and the montreal style has revolutionized this seemingly ordinary baked good for me.  Now all I have to do is find these in Philadelphia!
Best tasting bagel I've ever had. The "all dressed" aka everything bagel was so good when fresh out of the oven. The seasoning and that strong salty finish makes it so good with cream cheese. I admit the store front is a huge mess. There's only space for one person to order at a time. They stack crates and crates of bagels in the front so that's why the space is so tight. I was hoping for a sit down kind of place. I had a couple of bagels and sat on the bus stop bench in front of the shop to enjoy my breakfast. It was so good I bought two dozen bagels home to give as gifts. Very worthy of a visit.
I have a deep love for bagels and there us no doubt that this is hands down the ultimate BEST bagel in the world.forget about any other kind of bagels.this one wins every battle.i love this place and its open 24hrs every day of the year so you have no reason not go there!
First timer to Montreal and of course I had to try a famous Montreal style bagel!It was an unfortunate rainy day when I came here but the bagels helped warm me up. I got the lox and cream cheese on a sesame. So delicious! I should of gotten another. The bagels here are different because they are denser, smaller and are slightly sweet. Highly recommend to come here if you are visiting! CASH ONLY.
CASH ONLY but open 24 hours :)got here at noon on a monday and there was no line- hooray!  However a line quickly formed but the staff keeps the line moving so great job in that!get the sesame bagel- a little sweet but perfectly soft and just the right amount of cream cheese. the sweet bagel is small (imagine a bracelet) and more like a pretzel if anything.  not too sweet but great crunch,the blueberry wasn't overly sweet like american bagels and if you prefer things not overly sweet, this was perfect.there is no place to sit and eat inside but there are some nice spots nearby to sit and enjoy Montreal's first bagel shop! i am still partial to New York bagels but with the smaller, wider, sweeter format of the bagel cooked in a wood fire over, it really is a nice homage to old school traditional bagel shop!they sell day before bagels for a little less so feel free to pick those up if you are running low on canadian cash ;)
Hmm, I really don't know what the fuss is all about.  We heard it mentioned on a few travel shows as being THE place for bagels in Montreal, but were a little disappointed that they only do bagels, no cream cheese or spreads, no coffee, cash only.  The bagels are stacked up high for volume, and the place is a squeeze to get to the counter when it is busy.  But they are fast, and the bagels are tasty - I just don't think you can compare this place to others that sell the fixings and coffee.  And maybe that's the point here? And if you are a local, you buy in bulk and bring them home?But if you are a tourist and looking for a cafe/bagel experience, pick another place.
We traveled from Toronto with the intent of trying these as one of the things on our list. Store is very cramped..just buy and go kind of place. Interesting to watch the workers do their thing using the oven. There are piles and piles of bagels everywhere. You can buy day old bagels...But if you are tourists like us, get the fresh sesame seed bagels. In my opinion the other flavours are not as good.
Ah! The debate of which would fall behind in a contest understates it's callous arguement. St-Viateur or Fairmount bagel? C'mon! Tell me you can actually distinguish any difference in a blind test? They are one of the same. Chewy, crusty shell with a hint of sweet (i believe). Ummm savory carb.
I don't understand the hype. Montreal style bagels while delicious, were nothing to write home about (and yet here I am). I waited in line, I paid with my candian dollars. I ate my bagel. I wondered, what is for lunch?
Worth the line... Even if there is one it moves quick and the longer the line the more time to sample the variety they have available!  About $8 a dozen ..yum
A very homey bakery, producing Montreal's finest bagels and Matza. There was a constant stream of people in and out of the bakery, showing how much this place is a local and tourist favorite. Terrific smells and friendly staff- just make sure you arrive early before your favorite flavors are gone!
Best bagels in Montreal!Don't be surprised if the line is long specially on the weekend mornings.People work hard so you don't need to wait too long. Always fresh!5*
I don't know if the Montreal-style bagel ranks top in my list given their level of sweetness but regardless I do love me some fresh baked carbs and they do it well here. The ALL DRESSED was sold out when we first walked in but was told a new batch would be ready in 20 min or so. Not wanting to venture around the area only to come back to a closed shop, we looked around the store front for hours of operation and finally went back in the ask. "Ha, we don't close."..Say what!This place is open 24/7. Fresh carbs at any hour of the day! Hot damn. Out of consideration, they'll pack up your bulk order in paper bags and provide plastic bags for you to bag up later once they've cooled to avoid condensation. I can say that paper or plastic, the smell of the all dressed CANNOT be contained. Get ready for onion/garlic everything. Yum.
Why wouldn't you go here.Epic proper Montreal bagels.
they have a variety of different bagels to choose from but do they really taste better? i don't think so.
There is a lineBut fast movingNo place to sitBut there are nice benches on right beside itThere are also coffee shops around itThe bagelsAre perfectCrunchy on the outsideChewy on the insideI ordered all dressed with cream cheeseThen I went back for sesame with salmon and cream cheeseAnd two dozen sesameI got my orders in one minuteCash only 5 cents per plastic bag
I'm visiting from Cali with my wife to check at her home town. I told her we have to try the oldest bagel shop on the island.We get here and I got the Lox, and my wife got the onion bagel.The bagel on the lox was hard as rock and cold. They didn't warm it up and said they couldn't.  Seriously, who would eat a lox bagel that is cold. Get a life! My wife got the onion bagel. It was warmed up. Chewy, thin and fresh. But it had no salt in it. No taste. Not that great man. Not going here again.
Fairmont bagels are the best. I like that they are open 24 hours 7 days a week. I've been here in the winter and there is nothing as comforting as a warm bagel. Plus the workers are very friendly. But I do have some comments, skip the mussily and whole wheat or any dark bagels. They tend to be hard. The blueberry, sesame. Water or plane are perfect. Chocolate is food raisin nice. Buy only as many as you can eat within 12 hours. The nature of a Montreal bagel is its chewy. The next day they turn to concrete. Buy 6 eat the first walking out the door and finish within a couple of hours.
It's fine. But go to St-Viateur Bagel instead. You'll be better off there.To repeat: St-Viateur Bagel "much greater than" Fairmount Bagel. It's a relatively well known culinary math theorem.
This place sells the best bagels I've ever eaten by far and it would be getting five stars if not for a couple of really annoying things:1) CASH ONLY2) The inside is TINY and totally cramped to the point where there is no room to move (it seems like only 5 or 6 people can fit in there comfortably before it starts becoming claustrophobic). There is also no seating area inside. 3) Every time I go, the line is EXTREMELY long and we end up waiting for 20+ minutes. Because of point #2, this usually means we end up waiting those full 20 minutes OUTSIDE in the middle of winter with temperatures plummeting to -30C with the windchill. 4) They are usually out of at least one type of bagel that I want. Nonetheless, I still continue to stop here every time I am in Montreal because the bagels really are amazing and they have a wide variety of delicious flavours. I recommend getting a toasted sesame seed bagel with cream cheese and smoked salmon ($6.00). Seems pricey, but they are generous with the salmon and I promise the amazing taste is well worth the money.
Montreal is all about the bagels. For some reason there is a fight between Fairmount and St Viateur who has better bagels. Well they are both Ok, when they are fresh they are real good but if you dont buy them fresh St Viateur is much better. Also the fact that the place is very crowded, and they only accept cash is really shameful I think. I mean this place exist for years, its a tourist attraction and has so many visitors why can they accept credit or debit like 99% of the places? why can they make it more accessible for people ?
The best in Montreal.Arguing about Fairmount vs. St. Viateur is pointless. They're both excellent. I find Fairmount to be slightly better, but you'll enjoy both without question.They also have cream cheese, day-olds, matzoh, and specialty bagels on hand.Cash only. Dozen sesame is $8.15, so have some change ready if you're kind!
I've heard Montreal bagels were world class prior to buying a few dozen bagels here last summer. I was blown away at bagels tasting so good and having great crust as well. The Montreal bagel size is perfect! I live in NYC and have eaten my share of good bagels here. I think Montreal has better bagels, and Boston has a better hockey team! Go Bruins! haha
Cash only! So visit the ATM before going... Friendly staff, great bagels, and a nice selection of cream cheese. No line at around 8pm on a Tuesday night (but you may have to fight your way through the line queued up for the ice cream place a few doors down... it's probably some absurdly famous place I've never heard of, but WOW was it packed - and I assume that Fairmount is equally packed at around 8am). I took four bagels to go - two onion, two plain (but was wishing I'd gone for the garlic when I saw them through the little window). We went with the onion this morning - super fresh, not at all as dense/chewy as bagels in the US typically are, and very tasty. Yup, this is another place I'd surely come back to if I lived in Montreal. Enjoy!
Yummy goodness! I am normally not a fan of bagels but these bagels were pretty fantastic! You definitely have to wait on line but the wait is worth it.  I had the everything bagel with cream cheese.  The bagel was still warm!!!  The texture was a lot denser than NYC bagels, but had a subtle sweetness at the end.  If you are a bagel fanatic, I highly suggest you try their bagels.
I dare you not to eat them when they're warm out of the wood fire oven! Oh soo good.Major assortment of flavors, sizes, spreads etc. Competitively priced.
One of the best bagels and lox I've ever had. Not much of a line when we went on a Sunday afternoon, but you can expect one. They had a little tray out with bagel and cream cheese samples, which was a nice touch. I got an everything bagel with cream cheese and lox. It was VERY good and you get a good amount of lox. The place is very small with no tables, so everything is to go.
I've never had a fresh bagel, straight from the oven until my most recent visit to Montreal. I'm not a big bagel fan, and being (un)naturally afraid of carb-dense foods, I was hesitant to eat the bagel, but I was told that I had to try it out, and I'm so glad I did. I tried the sesame bagel, one of the more popular types, just as it was brought out from the fiery oven, and into my heads. I'm sure my tongue suffered quite a bit of a second degree burn, but it was so worth it. The bagel was crunchy on the outside, but moist and juicy on the inside. The locals say that it's because the owners make everything by hand, and use honey water for the dough. Whatever secret they have, they need to keep it in Montreal, so I don't pick up a bagel eating habit.I also tried St. Viateur Bagel, and while both are great, I liked this place better =P
Came in really early on a Saturday and there weren't a lot of people. There were tons of bagels bring baked along with day old bagels being sold.At first I was going to get a blueberry bagel but the cashier was super kind to tell me that it wasn't fresh enough to serve, which definitely was super nice of her.Ended up getting a salmon with cream cheese bagel that was great for breakfast.Definitely would want to come back here again.
I had heard from the locals of the irrefutably excellent reputation of this bagel shop and so had to try it out on my visit to Montreal. Needless to say, I wasn't disappointed. The purchasing experience alone was a delight to the senses! Imagine being surrounded by thousands of freshly baked bagels filling every spare inch of this shop!My friend and I purchased three dozen bagels, but only one made it home, I have to confess. These freshly-baked delicacies are too good to resist and are best consumed the same day (unless freezing them). An added bonus was observing the (very experienced) bakers skillfully shaping the bagels prior to proofing. Good service too!
The highlight of this place is watching the production of the bagels. There is a man in a turban twisting up the bagels and throwing them into a wood burning oven. I prefer Hand Rolled Bagels on Hillside in New Hyde Park, NY.
Omg! The best bagels I have ever tried! I want to come back to Montreal just for those. Bagel with salmon Mmmmmmm. Ready to die for.
When it comes to the age-old debate of who makes Montreal's best bagels, I really can't tell the difference between Fairmount and St-Viateur in terms of taste. I do, however, give Fairmount the slight overall advantage, given that they'll add toppings to your bagel at the bakery, whereas St-Viateur will not. For me, that's plenty a good enough reason to choose Fairmount when I'm looking for a quick fix of a sesame with cream cheese on a Saturday morning. So, if you're visiting Montreal, or simply haven't taken the time to test one of you hometown's signature treats, head to Fairmount and I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
The perfect sesame bagel...freshly made 24/7...soft, light, & chewy with a little sweetness...aromatic wood burning flavour...hand made...no preservatives...just mouth watering especially when you're eating out right away. The next day(s), it obviously loses the freshness but when you toast it and add butter, it's just as good.I have been going here for the last 30+yrs and unfortunately I no longer live in Montreal...but when I'm in town, I buy 6 dozen to take with me and freeze them. The family loves them too, it's not the same as your grocery bought package of bagels that are thick, doughy, tasteless, and full of preservatives.Just order the sesame bagels as they are the best sellers and are constantly made throughout the day. The other flavoured bagels are not as good as they sit in the bin and does not move as quickly. Note it's cash only.Would I go again? Hell yes, the bagels are amazing!
I don't get it. Before venturing out here, and in deciding between Fairmount and St Viateur, I dutifully went through yelp reviews and took particular note of reviews from NYC yelpers since we can be....well, bagel snobs. They're much smaller than NYC bagels and more dense as people have pointed out. The cream cheese was not as fresh as I'm accustomed to which helped bring down the bagel. I went with the sesame bagel which did have a more pronounced toasted sesame flavor but I've had supermarket bought bagels that weren't far off. The cinnamon raisin bagel was just dry and chewy. Montreal has great food, skip the bagels and grab a croissant instead.
Their blueberry bagels are my favorite! The salmon bagel is of course a tasty classic!
One of Montréal's famous bagel shops. If you like bagels (no matter what time it is), Fairmont bagel is a great choice. Don't forget a tub of cream cheese!
was just okay, I don't understand the hype. The place was tiny. The sesame bagel was just chewier than the ones at grocery stores and that's all.
I lived for 12 years a slave to these incredible heavenly concoctions...and I have fat pants to prove it!I once saw the hand of God reaching down from the heavens to get some of these amazing creations. Yeah it was very late at night, in the middle of a winter snow storm, which I believe he created to hide his doings...to get some bagels! I kid you not.I then became a believer that if this stuff is chosen by God than I should try them too.That was the start of my never ending love affair with The Fairmont Bagels!I also love the fact that these guys give you variety!I love the blueberry ones, absolutely amazing, fresh or toasted day olds.The multigrain ones have a nutty flavour and are made with ORGANIC flour! These have always been my favourite Fairmont bagel. The organic part would ease my guilt of eating so many.I would think "hey, at least their organic!" while I would scarf down 3 or 4 of them...A (very) guilty pleasure of mine used to be to buy a half dozen of freshly baked, still hot, straight out of their ovens (or heavens) and eat them with the salmon spread they sell, the one without the mayo in it. Absolutely orgasmic.I passed by 2 days ago and broke my bagel chastity and bought a bag of day old blueberries and multigrain, my favorites all assembled in one bag waiting for me! 2 days later there are only 3 bagels left.I think my addiction to these wonders of life has caught up with me again, I try to stop and become gluten free but life without Fairmount bagels is bland and boring and is not worth living! As much.I will have to go back today and get  some more.By now you must be wondering if I've lost my marbles or hit my head or something is wrong with this fellow. But that is how strong a bound these bagels and I have, how  passionate I am about them. I often pray that the talinaans, IPIS or al-quilta never hear the pleasure people get from these divine bagels, for fear that they too fall in love with them  and lay down their arms and become human again. Then who would I be able to hate when watching the news while munching on my Fairmount bagels ?I love you Fairmount bagels.
I can see why there's always an ongoing debate between Montreal bagels and New York bagels.  Honestly, I think they're both amazing in their own ways.  You know what they say, different strokes for different folks.  With that said, the bagels from here are amazing.  There's a line but it moves quick.  Make sure you pick up the freshly made bagels.  Take a bit out of it when it's still fresh and warm.  Simply amazzzzing, no spreads needed.
Yes, I'm another one of those Montrealers who will tell you smoked meat is better than pastrami and Montreal bagels are better than New York Bagels... Because it's true dammit!Montreal has the two best bagel shops in the world (to my knowledge). Saint-Viateur Bagel (on Saint-Viateur street) and, one block down, four blocks over, Fairmount Bagel (on, you guessed it, Fairmount street).There is an all out war between those two, honey spilled, heroes on both sides... Both are great and there is no right answer, except if the answer is "Fairmount Bagel is better".
They are Montreal bagels and serve fast but not as warm and nice as St Viateur nearby..
No bagel holds a candle to this Canadian masterpiece. I bring back at least 2 dozen whenever I leave. The poppy seed is the shit and pairs best with la liberte cream cheese. Whose mouse!
They have more variety than St Viateur, but I prefer the quality of SV over the quantity here. We tried one of every kind they had on the menu, and ended up only enjoying the sesame. The garlic was AWFUL: encrusted with sharp burnt bits of garlic that tasted like bitter smoke, and stank up the whole car and whoever held the bag.Sunday morning was madness, with rough pushing to the front, and I felt rushed by the staff. I didn't realize that if you ask for cream cheese, they spread it on for you, and if you want a tub, you have to ask someone to run around to the back fridge to get it. Overall, Fairmount is 3.5 stars in my book. I really wish we had driven just a block or so over to SV.
Best bagel in the city !  Don't miss it.  And check out Wilensky's a block down the street for the best salami sandwich you will have in your life, guaranteed !
Bagels taste good but you need to pay for each item. Bagel, cream cheese, tomato, onion. No seating area. Made the mistake of coming here when it was 0 degrees. Cash only.
Montreal is famed for its bagels, and there is a constant debate about which is better, Fairmount or St-Viateur. I don't wish to wade into those waters, but let's just say you won't regret buying bagels from Fairmount and no one you treat to a bagel from here will be disappointed. I went for a dozen to bring to friends, a mixture of sesame, poppy, plain and everything, and also treated myself to a fresh-from-the-oven sesame with cream cheese and salmon, plus a garlic bagel for later. All were absolutely delicious and rank among my best ever (and I'm from NYC).
The bagels I bought on a Monday morning at 6:30 were so hard I thought I would break my teeth on them. Maybe I'll stop another time to try again one day.
Cash only. Exchange rate is 1USD=1CAD. Got everything bagel. Not bad or amazing and not coming back.
Ok, hear this, I am in NO WAY comparing these bagels to NY bagels. In fact, I think food comparisons (think: NY Pizza vs. Chicago Pizza) are absurd. While they are the same foods in name, how can one truly "compare" two entirely different iterations of a food. Case in point, Montreal Bagels. These bagels are amazing, in fact, they are the best when eaten still warm, right out of the oven. The place is a spectacle, and I would recommend spending a few minutes watching them make the bagels. In a time when everything is mass produced and loaded with artificial ingredients, these bagels are as pure as it comes. The bagels have a slight sweetness to them, and are smaller and denser than a NY bagel. Eating one will not leave you feeling insanely full, however, it will leave you happy. Fairmount makes great Montreal style bagels, the only reason I didn't give 4 stars- the long lines and cramped space make it difficult to navigate. However, it is worth a visit when you go to Montreal! ***Get yourself a string of the sweet bagels, they are like twice baked or something and are sweet and crunchy. Our 3 year old LOVES THEM! They come in a bunch on a string so they're fun to buy...
Omg - best bagels ever. Chewy, soft, and crisp exteriors fresh from the oven all irregular and hand shaped. So good we bought a dozen home, froze them and ate them for another 2 weeks. Sorry St viateur bagels but..... I gotta take the fairmount camp.
I'm a sucker for being able to see them make the bagels and the ovens firing up and all that stuff while I'm ordering. Maybe that's why I like this place so much. It's so intimate. THAT, and I generally hate eating carbs, especially when it's carbs on it's own but when it comes to these bagels? Everything changes.The all dressed are heavily AND heavenly all dressed. (WARNING: the scent of the all dressed bagels will seep into everything and make everything smell like it, so make sure you get them packaged separately). Get a smoked salmon and cream cheese bagel with the all dressed or the sesame. They're more than generous with the smoked salmon and cream cheese.Every bagel is amazing. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE. Well, I didn't like the chocolate chip bagels and neither did my sister. But I'm sure other people love them. Because they know what they're doing and they're doin' it well.
Let me say this: the bagels were ok but nothing compared to St-Viateur bagels!!! The only reasons people like it more is because you can get a sandwich prepared for you. Otherwise, the sesame bagels aren't so fresh and the ones i got were very hard !! I was not so satisfied at all. On another point, their service is way more friendlier than at St Viateur. Food always comes first to me !!
Yay for Fairmount! The bagels are delicious. You can see the bakers hard at work in the background while you order. They also have tons of flavors beyond sesame and poppy, but I only ever get those two. I love how the bagels are completely covered in whatever their topping is-- compare to NY style bagels, which are only topped on one side. The prices are also great, less than $1 a piece if you buy a dozen. And they even sell cream cheese and salmon so you can make your own sandwich! A must if you visit Montreal.
These are my favorite. Everyone that works there is polite and helpful. They serve in both French and English. Bagels are being made while you are there. Their cream cheese is delicious as well.
If I am willing to fly these bagels across Canada then that tells you how good they really are. I absolutely love Fairmount's sesame bagels. They are perfectly chewy and flavourful. Nothing I have tried even comes close.
Excellent bagels. I can't say they're the best in Montreal, as I've only been to a few places, but we got a half dozen on our way out of the city. Inexpensive, and they've lasted longer than a typical bagel would. Their day-olds are a bag of 10-16 bagels that are under $8 - crazy good deal. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for a classic Montreal bagel!
I have a biased opinion. I ADORE bagels but I LOVE St Viateur. Fairmount bagels seem to have more of a "New York" style type of bagel. Crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside. Not my absolute favorite type of bagel but their stuff is still excellent!! I'm just a St Viateur type of gal.
This is a tiny hole-in-the-wall place. There isn't any seating, just a counter where you order. It's cash only. Be prepared for a fast moving line. We tried the sesame bagel, garlic bagel and the sugar bagel. They were all just out of the oven, absolutely melt-in-your-mouth cloud-like delicious bagels. They are slightly sweeter than New York bagels but softer. The sesame bagel was my favorite. The garlic bagel is really full of garlic, so get it only if you like a very strong flavor and the sugar was ok. We'll be back the next time we come to Montreal.
Love this place!! Whenever I'm in Montreal, I visit this landmark. They pump out fresh sesame bagels 24 hours a day. They actually have a wide assortment of bagels that can be purchased fresh out of the oven or pre bagged. Pleasantly located in the artistic Mile End neighborhood of the city which is just a short walking distance from the downtown area.
yes, this is the bagel you need!why? for the simple fact that even lukewarm or next day stale, they still taste quite good. no need for a reheat. the chewiness as well as the slight sweetness is still perceptible making every bite heaven. i don't have to say fresh off the oven is godly.it is true the place can be quite cold, not as friendly as its competitor and that the line can extend forever but nonetheless, that poppy seed bagel, simply sublime!and hey, they are right next to the best ice cream shop in town. that doesn't hurt at all.
I know -  it's not fair, I came from the city that serves up the BEST bagels.  But I was told to try and I did.  Sorry totally missed the mark here.  These bagels are little, dense, sorta borderline hard.
Best bagels I've ever had!! And I can confirm that Fairmount is truly Montreal's best bagel place (leagues ahead of St-Viateur, which had the gall to serve cold, stale bagels). My bf ordered a multigrain bagel and I went with the seasonal blueberry bagel. F*cking delicious is all I can say! These bagels are oven baked to perfection: delightfully crispy on the outside and pillowy soft on the inside. The multigrain was slightly sweet and the dough had been well-mixed (so no graininess), everything good multigrain should be. The blueberry was just AMAZING! It was so good, my bf stopped eating his multigrain and started fighting me for pieces of the blueberry, haha. The blueberry bagel tastes just like a blueberry muffin but with more substance; The texture, though, is completely different from blueberry muffins -- crispy, light, airy, fluffy, pillowy, delightfully warm, absolutely scrumptious! (I'm salivating just thinking about it!)Food: 5/5 -- Next time I'm in Montreal, I'm getting 5 lbs of blueberry bagels!Service: 4/5 -- Great! Friendly and welcoming. Though, keep in mind, they're cash only.Atmosphere: 4/5 -- Small space, gets crowded very easily cause of their popularity, and expect insane lines, but the orders move fast and the hustle and bustle from opening til closing is a good sign of a great bagel business!Overall: 5/5 -- What I wouldn't give for another Fairmount Blueberry Bagel right now!!
We came here for lunch as it was advertised everywhere ( I mean who doesn't want to eat at the place where the first bagel  to go space are from!). Small shop with a bunch if crates outside; you could miss it if you weren't looking. I believe there are 20 types of bagels. The place is crowded inside, cash only. I chose the sweet bagel and the pumpernickel, with cream cheese. My friend ordered the garlic.I ate the small sweet one first. It was hard as a rock!! So I'm not very impressed right now. Next was the pumpernickel which was better but not as soft and chewy as I read them to be. It was also a lighter color. I did eat it as I was starving but it would have been better toasted as others have mentioned.  I will make sure to get what's freshest next time.We returned 15 mins later to buy a pack of garlic ones to take back to Cali. I am curious about St. Vitieur's now and wished we took out cabby's advice to do a taste test.
We were walking down the street and saw a huge line for bagels which goes fast. So we decided to get a bagel to see what the hype was all about. People were leaving with bag full of bagels, must be good. We tried one onion and one cinnamon raisin bagel. Both were good but small.  I guess coming from NY, home of the bagel it's hard for me to judge bagels from elsewhere. Although I must say the bagels here are good, hard shell and very soft in the inside. I definitely would not be taking any home with me but would get some while in Montreal.
a little bagel shop, went there on a Sunday morning, quite popular and quite busy. Tried one of their garlic bagel, it was very delicious but it is slightly burnt for my taste, still delicious none of the less.Will defiantly visit and try something else next time!
One of the best bagels in North America! Add salmon to your bagel if you find a plain bagel too simple! Perfect combination for breakfast!
After reading profusely about the iconic Fairmount Bagel, calling itself the pioneer of bagel stores in Montreal, I must admit I had some fair expectations; I expected a bagel that would "wow" me and that I would remember afterwards. Unfortunately, none of these expectations were met... My husband had the "power" bagel, I had the garlic one. While I appreciated the freshness and purity of the bread, I was not wowed. The garlic bagel, presumably having been slightly overcooked, had a very noticeable charred taste. The "power" was a bit more balanced and wholesome, yet it wasn't in any way remarkable or memorable. Both were pretty average bagels and I found myself a bit disappointed. At least, the prices are fair and the authentic brick-oven at the back of the store add to the ambiance.In all honesty, I truly wish I could have been part of the Fairmount Bagel hype! Alas I do not share the common view it would seem. I don't think we will be back.
Bagels are warm and delicious! There was a line up, but since I was chatting up with my friend I didn't mind waiting, plus it was pretty outside. Got a half dozen of sesame bagels. Came up to 4.20$ I think or 4.71$! Not bad at all. There's plenty of cream cheeses to choose from to buy, and there's also smoked salmon.The cashiers were nice! I will definitely be going back!
As a rule of thumb, I hate bagels. Like with a passion. They are hard and doughy and generally bread overload. So after my zillionth time in Montréal, I finally broke down and tried a Fairmount Bagel and... I love bagels now. Just not the machine processed globs of dough that are passed off as bagels in the US. These are lighter, smaller and slightly sweet from being boiled in honey water. I did not try St. V so I have to do that the next time I am in town. It's small, crowded, the people are bitchy and I don't think they have coffee. Yet I will go back for sure. And there is a cute cafe on the corner to get coffee from anyway.
The line up here is crazy.  It was -10 with the wind chill when we got here and people were outside waiting.   I didn't think a bagel would be worth waiting for in such cold weather but to see others do it,  how can i leave?  Thank god i didn't leave, the smell inside was worth the wait already.  As this was my first time, i ordered the salmon with cream cheese on the garlic bagel.  It was pretty awesome. Everyone was ordering dozens and dozens of bagels and there i was,  in line and only ordered 1 bagel and their pretzel. Not a big fan of bagels but this was pretty awesome, i must say. Pretzel was typical which made it a little disappointing.  Hoping it was something out of the ordinary. All in all, bagels are well worth the wait. The line actually moves pretty fast. Just keep in mind,  it is cash only here. The salmon with cream cheese was about $6.50.  Half a dozen bagel is roughly around $4 and a full dozen will run you $7-8.  Not the cheapest but well worth it. Will i come back... yes.  We actually came back as we were heading home to pick up a dozen and another salmon with cream cheese bagel for the road.
We were there on a Friday morning and there was no shortage of rush!  We were the annoying people who couldn't decide on anything and saw about ten people pick up bags and bags of bagels!  In the end, we settled on onion, garlic, all dressed, blueberry, and chocolate.  It was a bonus that they also sell dips and spreads as well, so we purchased a tub of plain hummus to go with them!  The bagels were fantastic!  The onion one was a bit strong, I couldn't really taste the garlic one, the all dressed was amazing!  The blueberry was really good too, a definite chew.  And the chocolate ones had a hint of lemon in them, which made them even better!  If I lived near them, I'd probably be eating bagels for the rest of my life!Heads up: cash only!
Had an everything bagel.   Didn't have anything on it (no cream cheese or anything), just the bagel, and it was really really  good.   There was a hint of sweetness to it that isn't in most bagels, it was nice and warm, and had a good amount of density to airiness, with just the right amount of softness to make the texture really nice.If you're in the area, check it out.
Carbs! Cream cheese please!!!! Diet? What?! Not todayyyy!! Haha! Yummy, tasty and fresh bagels! Forget the other competition, this one is authentic and open 24 hrs! Big variety of bagels. I like them all, I can eat 5-6 by myself (don't judge me) and the staff is pretty friendly. Don't forget to tip them. They're so nice!
Dare I say better than New York City bagels. A little lighter than NY but a nice chewy crust and packed with sesame seeds. Not as much dough so less filling than the NY version too.
Pretty great bagel and very cool location. I would put this on the top list of things to hit up on Montreal. I love bagels and I have to say this was not like any other bagel I've eaten before. I can't say I like the Montreal style bagels more than a boiled bagel, but my smoked salmon on a poppy seed bagel was pretty delicious.
Fairmont is a tiny bakery that makes great bagels. "All Dressed" is the best flavor. The bagels are fresh, cheap and not too bready.I'm giving an extra star for the hours. It's a 24/7 operation. The fact that I can get a delicious bagel at any hour of the night makes me very happy. A+ service.
I got an all dressed bagel with cream cheese. The bagel was really good and different from most of the bagels I've had before. The dough has a sweetness to it and it seemed like different spices were used from most everything bagels I've had. We happened to be driving and we were able to easily park in front of the store. People kept coming in and out but they take care of everyone very quickly. The store is cash only so we had to run over to the convenience store down the block to use the ATM, but it was well worth it. I'll be stopping back to grab some to take home with me.
I don't believe I lined up TWICE at Fairmount Bagel for a bagel or 2 when I was at Montreal for the weekend.I tried the Sesame and the Chocolate ones... They were A-OK but didn't make me go WOW.The line though was short both times so my Yelp Friend didn't go banana....I wish I have a toaster oven in the hotel to warm it up. They got so hard and solid when I trying to eat one as drunk food .. I just could not do it!!
Most of the time I don't think that much about 'bagels'.  Certainly the idea of ever eating more than one also seemed foreign... UNTIL!  Fairmount is DIFFERENT, it's better.  It's pretty amazing tasting, considering how bad it tastes at places like TIM HORTONS, etc.  I ate 3 in a row once (pure gluttony! not overly proud of that fact..).  It's just too good.  I like the sesame seed, it's all I ever want or try; the black dot ones I don't like!  I go every time I'm in Montreal; plus Mile End is a nice area, not everyone knows/goes there. A+.
Disappointed in my purchase..i was expecting 12 bagels in a dozen but received only 10....i felt robbed.....royally!!!!
This is the best bagel I've ever had. Ever.Of any kind of bagel anywhere.Sorry, New York. You lose.Light, airy, crispy, sesame, small and manageable, and so perfect warm. Amazing.If you buy a half dozen or a dozen, they freeze well, and then just reheat them completely whole in a toaster oven. They'll still be crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
I love bagels so I was very excited to try special Montreal bagels on our first visit here! I quickly learned that I am firmly on the New York side of the Montreal - New York bagel debate. How is it possible that this brick which tastes like burnt water is so popular here?? Why doesn't this place serve coffee?? At least the service was friendly.
If your coming here to eat lunch, supper etc then find someplace else to properly eat but if your coming here for breakfast, snack or something light then this is the place. (Bakery)This is the original baking bagel place and it's cozy and nice but there is not a lot of choice of sandwich: cream or salmon or both.But the bagels are good :)
The sesame bagel, eaten fresh out of the oven at the bagel shop was very enjoyable. However, the chocolate bagel and the cinnamon raisin bagel were tough and bland when eaten the day after purchase. I gave the Montreal bagel scene a fair shot. But, I'm still partial to New York-style bagels.
Get an All dress with Cream cheese and go next store to get a double americano. Seriously, watch your body collapse, your lips perch into a smile and your heart melt into the true beauty of Montreal!
The bagel was too light and chewy for me. Too bland tasting.
Warning: If you are from the USA and are used to New York's amazing style bagel, this is a very different bagel. It's a little more thin, dense, and crunchy than New York's.The actual bagel shop is small, but you can watch them make the bagels, which is cool. I ordered the chocolate chip bagel (it had lemon in it be warned) and it cost extra to add regular cream cheese on it.It was a decent bagel, but again, don't expect New York style.
The bagels are good but first they had me write down my own order and then forgot two bagels out of my order. After taking a $20 uber to go see them and coming back to find missing bagels was a disappointment. I asked that they check it against the list I gave them and they blamed it on me for not calling my order ahead.
YAS BAGELS! Located in the Mile High neighborhood in Montreal, this place had a longish line that moved fast. You get your bagels and fixings to go. We bought six bagels and they were all still warm. It's cash only and if it's a nice day you can eat the outside on the benches around this cool neighborhood.
I don't understand the hype around this place. Maybe it's because I grew up with New York area bagels. Montreal-style bagels don't compare, and Fairmount didn't impress.
Such a good and simple place to visit and buy freshly baked bagels. This is a MUST!Bagels coming out the oven still warm and are so soft. Next level stuff. They also offer a wide variety of smoked salmon, hummus, cream cheese, etc. Plus, it's 24/7. You can't miss it. Just try it.
YES!! I always wondered if Montreal bagels lived up to the hype and for a minute I thought they were on the same page as any other bagels I've had but flatter. I tried out Montreal style bagels at other food joints (shoot me, I know) and I tried St-Viateur. I enjoyed the bagels but they didn't blow my mind. Then I tried Fairmont Bagel. Not only did I blow my mind but I jizzed in my pants and afterwards I brought some bagels and had sex with them through the hole of the bagels. These bagels brought a YUMMY-TO-MY-TUMMY. I had the blueberry, cinnamon raisin, power bagel, multigrain and seriously every other flavor.They taste like clouds with a crust. Its like you take a bite and its so soft and a little crunchy on the edges AND you can taste the honey that Montreal bagels are known to have in them. Thin, soft, tasty, ALWAYS fresh=heaven. and it helps that the bagels here are very cheap. Like a 1.25 or something.If you're a bagel lover then you owe it to yourself to try this place out and if you're not a bagel lover then perhaps Fairmount bagel can pop your bagel cherry.VISIT FAIRMOUNT! More than once, twice, 3 times. Come here and make sure you buy plenty of bagels!
I heard about these bagels and on my visit to Montreal, it was my mission to try it. I like these bagels a lot but I don't know why people compare it with NYC bagels. I'm not a fan of the bagels in NYC but in my opinion, the two are incomparable. One is more like bread, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, whereas the other is much much thicker and not much like bread at all. It's all about preference. I brought an entire dozen back for my brother, a huge fan of bagels, but guess what, he doesn't like them at all. Good, more for me.
You know it's a great bread when you can eat it without anything on it! I'm a fan of Montreal bagels. I like that it's thinner and sweeter than American bagels. Tasty when it's fresh.
Fairmount Bagel makes the most incredible bagels I have ever eaten in my life. I dream about them. Buy a huge sack to take home if you're visiting Montreal, because wherever you're going back to won't have anything to compare.
The best bagels ever. We've had them everyday. Inexpensive and offered the day old even at a cheaper price. The sesame is mouth watering.
This place was so highly recommended so we went out of our way to visit. The line was wrapped around the corner and had a 30+ minute wait to even get inside to order. Bagels were soooo small and don't even bother ordering the sweet bagel. It tasted like a pretzel and was the size of a pinky ring. "Normal" and "specialty" bagels were flat and filled with  disappointment. There is a ridiculous up-charge for cream cheese or butter added to the bagel and everything tasted like onions. My chocolate bagel was a plain bagel with a single sad chocolate chip on the outer edge and tasted like onions. My sisters poppy seed bagel was smushed and tasted like onions. My mothers cinnamon raisin bagel didn't smell/taste like cinnamon or raisin but more like (you guessed it) ONOIN! This place is highly overrated and not worth the wait. If you like onion bagels this is the mediocre bagel place for you!
Came to montreal hearing that bagels, smoked meats and poutine are all the rage here.  Ordered the salmon lox bagel and a half dozen onion bagels.To be honest, I couldnt see what all the hype was about.  Yes i can tell the difference between the montreal bagel and a regular new york bagel but it doesnt warrant all the hype.  The only difference is that montreal bagels are chewier and taste more like pretzels.Not overly impressed.  Personally not worth the walk in -10 degree weather.
We made a culinary tour of Montreal and had all the places mapped out, with all the hype about this place we went out of our way to make the trip here and have "the best bagels in the world" as some people put it here. Ordering here is disorganized and chaotic, it wasn't terribly busy when we went but even then it took about 5 minutes for our bagels to be handed to us. Even then we had to remind them we hadn't paid yet.So the important part, just how epic are these bagels? Well, after all the hype they're just bagels. There is nothing that sets them apart from other goods bagels. Really. Had the cinnamon raisin, sesame and everything. All were just...bagels. Reminded me about Philly cheese steaks where there is all this hype and side-picking about Geno's and Pat's and the best cheese steaks. When you actually try them you immediately roll your eyes and realize this is more hype than actual substance. Do yourself a favor and go to the nearby L'Avenue, one of the best breakfast spots we've ever been to.
On a wet snowy Sunday afternoon, we bravely made the trek out to the famous Fairmount Bagels. Since St. Viateur was close, we decided to pick up some from there as well to compare to each other as well as to NY-style bagels. All in the name of research, people!Fairmount vs. St. ViateurBagels from both locations were fresh from the oven and still warm when they were handed to us. I can't say that I preferred one over the other. Eventually, bagels from both locations were mixed up, and we couldn't pick out which ones came from where. They were also both great with cream cheese & smoked salmon.Montreal vs. NY:Both are respectable in their own way. NY counterparts are fluffier & thicker and can be taken more seriously as a meal. Montreal bagels are thinner with more crust to crumb ratio, best eaten as a snack, and I love snacks.Overall, I enjoy all bagels, and refuse to play this silly game of favorites.
Yelp keeps wanting me to review this place (even though my visit was last fall) so I will.I was told by fellow Denver yelper Julio T to try a Montreal bagel so I Yelped it and this appeared to be one of the top places.  It's also close to Dieu du Ciel so after beers and nachos it seemed only appropriate to pick up bagels for dinner.This spot is tiny and they appear to do a banging wholesale business as crates and crates of bagged sesame seed bagels literally smoosh the patrons into a single file line.  It is fun to watch the bakers at work, chopping off long strips from a huge piece of dough and molding them into an irregular shaped bagel.Because my western, chain bagel shop palette says that toasted everything bagels with cream cheese are the best, we ordered two all dressed bagels with cream cheese.  It took sometime (smooshed in a corner) since this is a less usual order (one should probably get the hot from the oven sesame seed, unadorned).  There was also nowhere to sit and it was a bit chilly outside so after a bike ride back to our B&B, they were pretty cold, but still chewy and delicious.  To me anyway.  I'm pretty easy to please, bagelwise.
I had not even heard of Fairmount Bagel before visiting Montreal but was encouraged by a local to try them.  It was definitely worth the trip and the wait in line.  We ordered a dozen sesame bagels and received fresh out of the oven bagels.Definitely the best bagels we have had. It is a tiny place so don't let the line up discourage you.  We highly recommend these and will definitely visit again when we return to Montreal.
Be warned this is just a stop and grab the bagels type of place. There is no seating. They have tons of bagels stacked on top of each other, and just enough room to stand and get your order of bagels.The oven baked and hand rolled bagels have a chewier and denser texture, compared to store bought bagels. We got an assortment of half a dozen bagels. My favourites were the sesame, blueberry, and pumpernickel bagels. I preferred my bagels toasted with a bit of cream cheese. We tried one not toasted, and I enjoyed bagel toasted. The toaster gives it that crunchy exterior and soft interior texture.
Don't get caught up in a discussion about which bagel place is better. If you like variety, Fairmount is better as they have all dressed, raisin, you name it. But if you want fresh bagels, you can get the sesame and they are usually piping hot. Cash only. To avoid lineups, go mornings or late evenings.
The bagels were quite good and reasonably priced. There was about a 25 minute wait at 11am on a Sunday.
So happy that we went here for bagels versus a cafe downtown near our hotel.  Wish they took credit cards as we were running low on Canadian currency and would have purchased more! My favorite was the sesame but the poppy and plain were yummy too!
Whoever gave 4 stars, SHAME on you! ha!  Fairmount Bagels are awesome!  There is always a line, but they move fast.  Cooking fresh, hot bagels to order.  They have free samples for you to taste while you wait, but they're old and cold and do not represent a Fairmount bagel very well.  I got some with butter and they were to die for.  Fresh out of the oven with butter inside. Perfection!  They can compete with NYC bagels any day!
NY isn't the only place with great bagels.  We bought a half-dozen, blueberry, chocolate, everything and a sweet mini.  We warmed the bagels in the oven on low, and they were soft, chewy, and flavorful.  The chocolate had orange in it, a nice touch with chocolate.Recommended.
If you're going to Montreal, this place is a must!How great can a bagel be? Well, come and see for yourself.  Although the location is physically small and looks like a house, the atmosphere inside is classic.  Watch as the happy staff roll the dough, boil the bagels, seed them and flip them into the oven!Take as many as you can home to freeze but make sure you eat a hot one right away! Get a second with a bit of cream cheese, you'll thank me later. Although Montreal is known for its bagels and many bagel restaurants, this is a must visit.  If you're from Toronto and stopping by Montreal, bring me back a dozen!Can't wait to go back.  This is a true 5 star bagel.  #bagelwars! Bonus: apparently this place is 24/7...  Can you get anymore more perfect????
Cramped, tiny counter in the back among huge carts piled with bagels. The bagels are light, crunchy, a little flattened, with a strong sesame flavor. Almost crackery, very good. The onion bagel with cream cheese and salmon is light and delicious. Nowhere to sit and eat, go to Caffe Grazie-Mille a couple doors over, get some coffee and eat your bagel there.
Not a bad bagel but the shop is pretty lame. They don't put anything on their bagels apart from cream cheese. I asked for butter and a coffee and got neither. You can buy these bagels and take them home for a much nicer experience.
Over rated with no wow factor.  To be completely honest the bagels were just ok. Ordered smoked salmon and cream cheese on onion bagel, and wife ordered flaxseed with the same. Unfortunately she was presented with a day old bagel. If you are going to order a bagel here ask "what bagel is fresh from the oven"and just go with it.
The bozo and everything bagels were incredible, especially fresh, I recommend trying it with the Liberté cream cheese. There was maybe 4 people in line on a weekday around 11 so we missed the touristy week rush. I would say these bagels are thinner and denser than the NY counterparts, but that's how I like them.
I had the All-Dressed with lox and cream cheese.Best bagel I've ever had. Totally amazing!
Being a NY Jew, I have had a lot of bagel experiences. These bagels are legitimately the best I have ever had. They are perfect. No fuss, no muss...just a glorious warm sesame bagel with cream cheese....mmm...If you are in Montreal this place is a must.
Best bagels I've ever had, anywhere in the world. Puts any NY bagel shop to shame. This is the way bagels should be. Dense, moist and made with consistent quality.
The best smoked salmon bagel I've ever had. I would highly recommend this place to visitors of Montreal. I did a taste comparison vs St Viateur and Fairmount won. The bagel had a unique sweetness, soft middle, and chewy exterior. The salmon was like butter. So good b
Best bagels ever. Need I say more?
We walked 45 minutes in -30 weather to get to Fairmount Bagels from downtown and it was worth it. This place is only losing a star because once we got there, there was no place to sit. The bagels were delicious and inexpensive. We bought a bag of a dozen mixed bagels to bring home as well as grabbing fresh ones to go. The multigrain with cream cheese was awesome, but the bozo bagel seemed to be the most popular.
I'm not a big fan of bagels but my friend suggested we try some of these as they are apparently quite reputable.I find bagels dry and these didn't deviate from this norm. The sesame seeds were good though tasted like they had been cooked 2 days ago and were just sitting there waiting. The plain one was an unsalted pretzel. We also tried a blueberry bagel for some sugar and I have to say it wasn't good at all. The blueberry taste was very industrial and not fruity at all. Quite disappointing.
Every time I'm in Montreal this is the first place I go.  Even if just to grab a couple of bagels and a cup of coffee and have them in the parkette nearby.  I love their sesame, pretzel bagel, all dressed (which can be messy, bring wet wipes and gum).  I also love that they sell sides such as hummus, cream cheese and other items to have with your bagels.  The prices are beyond reasonable if you're buying in half dozen or more.
First stop on trying the Montreal bagel in Montreal. Chose an everything bagel with the cream cheese. $3. Very good! I might toast it if I was at home, but delicious regardless. Friendly people and nice to have the cheese put on for me!
I am going to give this 5 stars, and I will say this is as good as it gets. But I need to throw some caveats on that, which I guess, if you read my other reviews, there always are. I guess I could change our screen name to WithCaveats, but then, that's not very personable, is it?Full disclosure:1. I am from NJ and work in NY2. I love bagels from NY/NJ3. Andy is from Canada4. She loves bagels from FairmountOk, having said that, let me also put the following forward as a point of evidence in this great bagel debate:* bagels from NY/NJ and bagels from Montreal are not, in fact, the same food. Bagels from NY/NJ are big, doughy blobs that suck up butter or scream for cream cheese and lox to be slathered on them. Montreal bagels are smaller, leaner versions of the above. While they are perfectly happy basking in some melted butter or dabbling a small dance of cream cheese, they are not quite as indulgent as the NY/NJ version described above. Of course, you generally need to eat 2-3 of these so...Anyway, if you accept the fact that these are 2 different food groups, then we can move forward with this very simple review. These are very good. They are not the same food you will get in NY/NJ. But for what they are, which we established above is a different food entirely, they are very good. Ok why are they good?1. They are fresh2. They are LOADED with sesame seeds3. You got the sesame right?4. They travel well5. They freeze well6. They are tight, compact, and flavorfulIn some ways, and forgive me for saying this, they are more resilient than a good New York bagel. Not that this ever happens, but if you have a NY bagel 2 days after you buy it, often times it's hard enough to drive a nail in with. With the Fairmount bagel, it's a bit more edible. Maybe you can drive a tack in. This is a bit of an attraction when you're in Montreal. Even the border guard knew about them when we were coming back. You should go. You should buy a dozen. You should eat at least 2 of them before you get where you're going.
Light fluffy crispy fresh Montreal style bagels. Had these on the go without any cream cheese or lox but it was still delicious !
Honestly, why is this place a big deal at all?  Just an average bagel.
Walked in on a hot summer day and was greeted by a heat wave of bagel-y goodness. Isn't 29 degrees to hot for a bagel one might ask? The answer is no, there is no such thing as a bad for for a bagel.Ordered a everything bagel with cream cheese and smoked salmon to devour now, and a blueberry and chocolate chip for later. All three were delicious. The perfect amount of resistance from the smooth crust and a cloud of fluffy heaven to award you on the inside. I will never be a able to look at a Costco bagel the same way.Currently considering picking up a dozen right before my flight Thursday to bring back to BC for my family to try. Or maybe just a snack for the plane.I'm docking one star because 1. The ordering process was messy and i ended up paying for someone else's order, and then getting asked to pay for my order twice after the first issue had been sorted. 2. There was sea salt on my everything bagel and it really confused my mouth. Not a personal preference. 3. It cost around $7 for a bagel with cream cheese and lox. Not insane but definitely not completely worth it when one bagel is less than a dollar. If i lived here i'd buy a dozen and pick up cream cheese and smoked salmon at my local grocer to save a bunch.  But otherwise, this place was everything i expected and more. :)
One great thing about Montreal is the abundance of shops, restaurants, and small businesses that add to the city's sense of place.Add this to that list. While there are no seats or ambiance to speak of, the bagels and the tradition speak for themselves. There are approximately ten-twelve main varieties such as plain, meuslix, sesame, blueberry, and chocolate. in the morning and at peak times, there is always a wait. if you can stop in for an afternoon bagel, they will have some hot, fresh options then as well, with little or no wait.The bagels are good. However, some are better than others. The chocolate chip seems like a necessary sweet option, but is not the most exciting. The blueberry and sesame are better choices.
The much ballyhooed Montreal bagels are nothing special. Undercooked and a bit gummy at 3  places we tried including Fairmount Bagel. Not sure what the point is of having a wood-fired oven if the product is not crispy from the heat and infused with some char flavor. Better off with a croissant in this French-influenced city.
Hands down the BEST bagels in Montreal! There will totally be a line up but it is worth the wait. I recommend getting your bagel plain so you can taste the sweetness.
I found myself in the area and decided to visit around 9 PM for the next morning's breakfast. I quickly discovered  some variety of bagels I wanted weren't available, which was disappointing. So I went with the Sesame and Garlic bagels. The Sesame bagel wasn't as delicious as the ones I've gotten at other bagel places (it lacked the taste and wasn't as dense) and the garlic bagels left to be desired. In fact, they were kind of gross.So all in all, I wasn't impressed.For those not in the know, this is a tiny bagel place with no seating available, you simply order and you leave with bagels stuffed in a bag. They also sell a variety of cream cheeses like those at the grocery store at grossly exaggerated prices.I've been a usual customer to it's competitor up the street at St-Viateur and I wasn't convinced of the quality of the bagels at Fairmount after so much hoopla.Sorry folks.
After eating a massive poutine and picking up a smoked meat sandwich for the ride home to Toronto, we realized we were forgetting one thing... Montreal bagels. So we decided to stop by fair mount to pick up 12bagels, make sure you have cash! While we had planned on bringing the bagels home I just could not resist the amazing smell of the bagels I had to dig in. Despite I full I was I choose the sesame seed bagel and ate it plain. It was truly outstanding. Crunchy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. They have an odd sweetness that is hard to explain but is out of this world. I would suggest going to the place for your weekly bagel trip but make sure to always get more than one... You know you wanna!
Man, these bagels are the real deal. Delicious spots to go for a late night snack. They have all kinds of flavors, but the sesame bagels are the classic and they come out hot and fresh pretty much continuously.
Good but not amazing. Maybe I should have ordered one that was right out of the oven insted of from the basket? Or maybe I should have tried a different kind of bagel. Only $1 for a bagel. Cash only so it was a good way to relieve myself of the last of my Canadian coins. Liked seeing the wood-fire baking method.
Whenever I'm in Vancouver / Toronto, the first must eat food that comes to mind is Dim Sum.  Other parts of Canada, it's all about poutine.  But in Montreal, it's seems to be bagels. I couldn't resist a shot at trying Fairmount, a bagel shop where many locals have told me I'd have a life changing experience in bagelgasm.To Fairmont's credit, I'm probably not the best person to evaluate bagels considering I rarely ever eat a decent breakfast and if I do, I'm always thinking of hash browns.  But since hash browns are rare in the northeast, I've become more bagel friendly, but far from a bagel enthusiast.  Having been spoiled from the amazing variety in New York, Montreal's finest bagel would certainly be hard to impress.  And unfortunately, Fairmount's version didn't strike a chord with me like I had hoped but that's not to say they're not good.These bagels were soft.  Even when I had driven down from Montreal the batch in my bag somehow remained in a edible state, not chewy or stale, but had a nice bite to it.  Their sesame bagels are quite good when toasted and taste awesome with a thin spread of onion cream cheese.  Their everything bagels and wheat bagels have a certain density about them, certainly far from my favorite options here.  Thankfully, all bagels were inexpensive and felt even more so when considering the US-CAD conversion at the time.It's strictly a takeout joint and more importantly, a local staple in the community.  I've been here twice and though it's been super crowded each time, I should also note my visits were during their afternoons.  I can only imagine their mornings.And while I don't want my NY bias to get in the way, I can say I prefer the "down south" version over these babies.  The regional debate will always live on, but I'll be itching to give Montreal bagels another go when I'm back in town.
My favourite bagels in Montreal, no question, and a visit to their store to get 'em hot just makes me happy. Usually available hot out of the oven, I'll have 2 or 3 just driving home - plain! Just don't ask "do you have any fresh ones" because you'll get the standard "they're all fresh" answer. If you want hot ones, ask for 'em like that.And if you plan on freezing them anyway, get the day-olds at an incredible price. Best. Bagels. Ever. Go now. They're open 24 hours!(Cash only.)
A tiny 24-hour operation with hot fresh dense bagels with a touch of sweetness...is that honey? Either way, it's delicious. I squeezed in on a weekday morning and had two all-dressed toasted with cream cheese, waited about five minutes for them, then took them outside for a nice relaxing snack. Ended up bringing a dozen more home with me.
We came last week for breakfast and ordered sesame bagels with salmon and cream cheese, and with jam. We were a bit confused when we first walked in with so much bagel inventory hanging around. We also didn't see the salmon bagel on the wall. That menu is posted on the left side of where you order. No place to sit to eat, but the lady said we can go to the café down the street. The bagel tasted great and sesames were so fresh. Salmon was delicious. The only issue was we didn't order enough. We thought one per person would be enough but these bagels aren't as large and filling as what we are used to. Next time, we'll order 1.5 bagels per person. Definitely worth the taxi ride out.
It was really good. We had our breakfast there with sesame bagel and cream cheese. Def. would go again!
The biggest surprise of my Montreal trip by far, was discovering how great these bagels were. Better than any I've EVER tried anywhere(and I very oddly didn't try bagels in at least one place, when I was in NYC...), and I enjoyed the fact that theirs were less dense than ones I've had in the U.S. Not too expensive, and Fairmount sells their own cream cheeses that were excellent.Don't think I need to say too much else, except to look at Ju L's review on the differences between their bagels(and Chicago ones seem to be similar to NYC style bagels, based on what people have told me they are like).
Good onion bagels. Best eaten plain, but they didn't skimp on the cream cheese. Ok sesame bagels.
yummy chewy Montreal Style bagels!
Difference from NY bagels:- smaller- much sweeter- no distinction between "top" and "bottom" (ok har har)- less denseDifference from St. Viateur, the "rival" bagel shop a block away:- less dense- 10 cents more expensive, at 80 cents each- supposedly preferred by locals (St. Viateur is known as the "tourist" bagel shop?)- shop is a little nicer/touristy looking, with a much bigger variety- 10-person lineup on a Friday afternoon (St. Viateur was empty at the same time)That's pretty much it. I like my bagels chewier so I preferred St. Viateur. And I like things salty rather than sweet so I prefer my hometown's bagels. ;) But you just can't deny the inherent deliciousness of a bread product straight from the oven.Don't like sesame on your bagels? Get a sesame bagel anyway! Sesame seeds freshly toasted under direct flame in a wood-fired oven = amazing nutty flavor imparted to your hot bagel. I guess NY sesame bagels don't have anywhere near this flavor because they're usually baked in a conventional oven?
Good bagel but preferred Viateur. Bagels did not seem as fresh. Not a big difference in quality. No line around 930am on a weekday.
Super tasty sesame bagel warm from the oven.  Hard to beat the taste for the low, low price of about $1.00 each. I'd recommend you to appreciate the taste for what it is (Montreal) instead of comparing to what it's not (NYC style).
Number one Bagel in Montreal. Even though its down a block from the most renowned Bagel shop in Mtl. As far as the Bagel is concerned to me it's the better taste and texture. It's handy that it open all night but have cash in hand. This place has no time for cards (but neither does the other one)
Amazing bagels, it is by far the best bagel you can have. I always eat at least one before I even leave the store. In Montreal, there is always a debate about who the best but for me I give my vote to Fairmount. In addition to the great taste, it remains soft even after I freeze it for a month.
Cash only. Even on a rainy freezing day, the line is 20 people deep. The customers here seem more serious than those at St-Viateur since they buy them in bulk (multiple bags worth). Curiosity and greed got me to order a half dozen (rather than two). The poppy seed has a spongy consistency that I am not a fan of (might I say the sesame and poppy at St V is better?). Blueberry. THE blueberry. In hindsight I should have ordered 2 dozen blueberry and brought them home with me to nyc. It was a crunchy outside and soft sweet inside. Delicious!!! I highly recommend this specialty flavor and since everyone has their own opinion about which is the best spot for Montreal bagels, you should test it out on your own. But note that the plainer flavors will lack salt, something I find across the board in Montreal cuisine but nothing a little butter and malden salt wont fix!
went to Jarry parc and decided to try the fairmont bagel, I tried four bagels and the sesame is the best.
Bagels. Freshly made by the minute. The sesame bagel with regular cream cheese was plain and simple yet it served its purpose as bagel. The bagel was lighter, it had a crusty crunch to it and yield a great sesame flavor. The best part (at least to me) was their cream cheese. If you ever had New York's cream cheese, they're a lot more dense and heavy so once you taste Fairmount's cream cheese you can definitely tell the difference. Fairmount's cream cheese is so much lighter, felt like it was whipped which is not bad. By whipping, you're adding more air into the cream cheese, hence the texture will be a lot lighter. The pairing of the bagel and cream cheese is what made Montreal bagel a winner. NYC bagel, please step aside.
Great bagels similar to St.V. Their shop is open 24hrs which is great for a late night hot out of the oven Bagel.
We were here years ago and they've still got the bagel mastered here. I've never seen an everything bagel so thoroughly coated and their blueberry  ones are amazing. Really any flavor will be great because it's he dough and how they cook the bagel that makes them chewy and dense and delicious. Wish I had one close to me.
I liked these bagels more than the St. Viateur bagels, but only slightly- they are pretty comparable. I got a sesame bagel with cream cheese, and my husband got an all-dressed (everything) bagel with lox. Both were very tasty, but we weren't completely fully afterwards. I like that this place is a tiny itty-bitty bakery that just focuses on baking. Keeps it real, you know? We came late-morning on a Wed, so it was pretty quiet....but I can imagine the madness this place causes on peak hours/weekends. Impossible to fit more than 4 people inside! Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.
All dressed bagels won't be beat! A little bit salty, with various seeds and seasame on top of the bagel. Everything is just perfect
I had just a few requests while visiting Montreal and bagels was at the top of the list. On Sunday morning I dragged my gluten free traveling companion Crystal H to Fairmount  so I could get a bagel before leaving this lovely city.Crystal was a good sport and stood in line with me even though she couldn't indulge in a bagel herself. Fortunately the line moved pretty fast and minutes later I was sitting outside on a bench enjoying not 1, but 2 warm sesame bagels. Mmmm. I enjoyed them the good old fashioned Montreal way- dipping them in a tiny tub of Philadelphia cream cheese. They were so good that I contemplated bringing some home for the family, but realized I'd probably just eat the entire bag on the plane.  I'll just have to take the fam back to Montreal with me soon we can enjoy some more good bagels.
Bagels don't get better than this!  If there's better, please tell me where. Go for the standard. Sesame. When these things are right out of the oven they are a slice of heaven!  I go out of my way in a cab to get here whenever I get to Montreal.
Here's a bit of advice to a patron who's new to to Montreal bagels or Fairmount Bagels in particular:If you are new to Montreal bagels, just know that they ARE NOT New York bagels.  They have a different, shape, texture, and flavour.  Perhaps you will enjoy one type more than the other, but both have You will have the best experience if you just ask for what's freshest.  Frequently those are the sesame bagels, but just *look* at what's coming out of the oven.  Those are the bagels you want to be eating.  If you love, say poppy bagels best (like I do) but those are several hours old, just suck it up and order whatever just came out.
A bit sweeter, a bit smaller and a bit denser, but with tons more character than many bagels I've had in Boston and NYC. I had a lox on sesame as well as a plain sesame later as a snack. Both were well worth the trek to Fairmount.
OMG - Definitely worth going if you are in Montreal!!And remember to eat it fresh - it is amazing paired with an organic cream cheese. mmmm....
In NYC a week before a trip to Montreal, someone suggested we try the bagels.  That was a little strange, because everyone knows where good bagels come from, and it isn't "Canada".  However, we were very pleasantly surprised after getting a few bagels here.  They're not trying to be NYC bagels. The Bozo bagel is giant and chewy and delicious.This was definitely a five star bagel place, we didn' t make it over to the OTHER Montreal place, so I can't say if it is better than there, but even if that other place has more delicious bagels, you'll end up with awesome bagels from Fairmount.
Dare I say these beat New York bagels??? Why yes they do. They are open 24-hours a day and you can get fresh bagels straight out of the oven. Make sure to ask which ones are warm. They don't have fresh cream cheese though, that's where New York bagels may win!!
UMM AMAZING.I should have known Fairmount would win the bagel war when we saw people waiting online to purchase them! The girl in front of us legit bought like 50 bagels back with her!Plus - the bagel sandwiches here come assembled if you ask for cream cheese! Do note however, that this ups the price from $0.80/bagel to somewhere around $2.50! We ordered 2 "dressed" aka everything bagels from here for a Fairmount vs. Viateaur comparison and Fairmount won hands down. From the lightly whipped cream cheese to the soft and fresh bagel itself - everything here was a win! Plus, you can see all the guys making the bagels when you order, it's pretty neat!
Everyone needs to have a Fairmount bagel in their lifetime. The best part of this place is that you can go anytime of day. They also have a ton of selection and will sell you the cream cheese to go with it. Plus they are hot hot hot!I have always enjoyed this little shop, and I think you will too.
The best bagels in Montreal. It's open 24/7 so I recommend going there after a night out (1am-5am) to get fresh hot bagels to snack on and take home without the line-up. The line goes quickly if there is one. The sesame bagels are classic. They'll give you a paper bag while the bagels are hot and a plastic bag to put them in once they've cooled down. Slice the bagels before putting them in the freezer if you want to save them - though fresh is best anyway.They also make a smoke salmon, creme cheese and sesame bagel for you but it's expensive for $6. Just get the dozen for $7.50 and make the rest at home.Once you get a hot fresh bagel, you have to eat it right away while walking down the street!
In flavor they are as good as you can imagine, the best bagle I've ever had, not even NYC bagels beat them, the place itself is a bit unconfortable and small, you cannot even see all the varieties  of bagels they have on the displays because is full of packaged product around.
My friends and I had to try a bagel from Fairmount  before leaving Montreal. Boy, they didn't disappoint. I had the the lox bagel. It was warm making the cream cheese gluey. The bagel was sweet and slightly crispy on the outside while soft on the inside.
Fairmont bagels is a shining oasis in a milieu of doughy hunks of carbs.  These bagels are much lighter and more flavorful than any bagel I have ever had in my life.  I would say the sesame are the best, and they make'em fresh and hot around the clock.  The only problem is that they're half gone by the time you get home.  These put NYC bagels to shame - so even if you hate bagels, just try one bite - you won't be disappointed.
New York vs. Montreal bagels. The everlasting debate.Quite simply, I think you will forever be loyal to whatever bagel you have been raised to eating. As a native New Yorker, I was excited to go to Montreal to try these out, and Fairmount Bagel was apparently the place to go. During weekend mornings, expect to wait on a line that goes out the door, but that doesn't say much considering the standing area in the place is as small as a closet. That's not an exaggeration.I went with the classic sliced lox and plain cream cheese on a plain bagel. It was tasty! For those who are unfamiliar, Montreal(-ian?) bagels are a little smaller, and made with honey, to give them a distinctive sweet flavor, and have a noticeably chewy texture to them. Very different from their New York counterpart.-2 for the no seating, not even any standing space. And because I while I didn't totally love it, it was still pretty good. If in new in Montreal and have any appreciation for bagels whatsoever, Fairmount Bagels is a must.
still one of three things I smuggle home from montreal, ice wine, sortilege, and fairmount bagels. i wish they still made bagels like this in the U.S.it's tragic.
One of the few culinary things that Montreal is known for are their bagels.  So being a New Yorker, I was very curious to try one of the proclaimed "best bagel is Montreal" shops.  From our hotel is was a long way, which was deceptive on the map, so our appetites were building up to beastly proportions early in the morning.The bagel shop is located on a quiet suburban area off the more bustling streets a few blocks away.  You'll know when you've arrived when you see a line of people out the door.  Get in line quickly but fear not, the service is fast.  The shop inside is small, standing room only.  Sort through the chalk scribed menu behind the few young ladies at the counter to order what you'd like.  While you wait, lay your eyes behind the ladies to see their open kitchen and watch them kneed, roll, boil, garnish and bake the bagels right before your eyes.  Receiving a freshly made bagel is truly a treat.  They're not as dense as New York style making them less chewy.  I do like the lightness and the process of boiling them in honey water before baking gives it a subtle sweetness.  A welcomed addition because even eating it plain is tasty, but I had my sesame bagel with salmon, cream cheese and capers.Hard to compare to New York's offering but it basically comes down to preference.  Personally, I like these better for their airiness and easier chew but wish there is a Montreal style bagel place in the city.
After hearing so many fantastic things about Fairmount Bagel, I felt obligated to try it out. So, my friends and I stopped by Fairmount to grab a bagel or two or a dozen (depending on how we liked them) before heading back to the US. When you walk by the store, you'll see stacked towers of red crates filled with bagels (or empty ones which I'm thinking are representative of crates of bagels sold), which appear ready to be shipped for sale somewhere.. so, I'm guessing this is the place where they make the bagels? Anyway, the store inside is actually pretty tiny. The different types of bagels are listed above the ladies standing behind the glass counter. And options for purchasing Philly cream cheese are displayed on the glass case to your right. Since I'm not a huge bagel fan, I ordered one to try. I got the sesame bagel and an individual package of cream cheese. At first, I thought it was kind of hard to break into and tough... however, after a couple of bites, I thought the texture reminded of a pretzel from like Auntie Annie's Pretzel. However, that's not to say that I don't like Fairmount and reducing its taste value to your mall pretzel treat, I still enjoyed Fairmount's bagel.. most definitely. I think all the sesame seeds made it extra aromatic and flavorful otherwise, it might have been a little boring.
No doubt does this place have solid bagels. The line moves fast and I pretty much tried half their bagel selection, ie. poppy, cumin, all-dressed, cinnamon raisin, sesame. I thoroughly enjoyed my first experience of THE Montreal bagel. I liked the texture of the innards and the hardness of the outsides. I'd have to pick all-dressed for my favourite and cinnamon raisin as my least favourite.
Listen, these bagels are good...very good, but they didn't blow me away. In fact, I thought the "everything" bagel and the garlic bagels were downright disgusting. No, like inedible disgusting. The best ones were the basic, plain ones (for me). Anyway, it was a fun place to go to and pick up a snack. Not a great place to get drinks to go with the snack, since they only seem to sell whole cartons of juice. Glad I tried it, would try it again, but probably wouldn't go out of my way to do so. BUT that's me...people seem to be die hard Montreal bagel fans and if that's you, I think you hold this place in much higher esteem! All the power to ya!
Fairmount Bagel was my first encounter with a Montreal bagel. Wow, it's damn good. A bit different than a NYC bagel, less dense/thick but still super tasty. Apparently sesame bagels are the bagel of choice in Montreal though Fairmount Bagel has a wider selection including pretzel bagels and chocolate chip bagels. I was lucky to snag some sesame bagels straight out of the oven.  I devoured 2 and even without any fillings they were delicious. It's also neat that you can watch the bagel bakers hard at work shaping bagels and piling them into the oven while you wait (and wait) for your turn at the counter. There is no seating, but it's easy to eat your bagel as you up and down the pleasant family friendly street.Fairmount Bagel clearly has a great reputation on Yelp and I agree it lives up to it's billing. Worth a trip...even of the location isn't super convenient. Cash only.
Good Montreal style bagels that when you miss the ones from home (New York) you can enjoy theirs with some cream cheese. They tasted fresh out of the oven, love the sesame bagel and fairly cheap as well. My friends and I throughly enjoy having their bagels.
We stopped here on our way out of Montreal and these bagels were good enough to quell the stress of our impending 7 hour drive home. The shop is very small and only accepts cash. Luckily they also accept American because we ran out of Canadian. If you order the bagels plain, they are very cheap. About 80 cents or so. However we ordered ours with cream cheese which drove the price up to about $3.50 a pop which is kind of a lot (which is why we were shocked/embarrassed to run out of Canadian money!) The bagels were not warm unfortunately but lived up to their flavor expectations. They have sort of a sweeter, lighter taste to them than NY bagels. My bf and I scarfed ours down immediately. They are definitely smaller than their American counterparts. Thankfully we had some more cash on us and ran back in to buy 2 more with cream cheese and a half dozen to freeze at home.
AMAZING. Simply amazing. Believe all of the hype and go out of your way to try this place. My partner and I lucked out and ended up staying just a stones throw away. So, our first morning in Mile End, we popped in to give it a shot. We ended up going every morning (and once in the afternoon) after that because it was just that damn good. It's cheap (like 85¢ and up), the staff speaks good English and those guys churn out wood fired bagel perfection 24 hours a day. I highly recommend the "all dressed" but just go and try everything. You won't be disappointed.
Alright, I love St Viateur as well, especially the high spirits of the late night crew, but I have to say my heart will always give first place to Fairmount. I remember the first Fairmount bagel I had: teen gal adventuring in the Mile End with cute boy, eating them hot out of the bag, dipping into the Liberty cream cheese on a stoop in the autumn sun, and maybe they will always taste like that sweet day to me. I like to order a dozen of whatever is freshest, then they'll pick the ones that just came off the fire and they are soft and hot and crisp and perfection. The fancy flavours are fun but for me the whole point is the raging fire right in front of you and the skilled people slinging them out of the flames on the long paddles. There is room inside for about 6 people to make their orders and wait in line (unless you are there when they are prepping the deliveries for grocery stores and restaurants - then there's room for about 2 skinny people) so the line frequently stretches out the door; but it moves fast and the hot homey bagel smell melts all but the coldest hearts and makes the wait mello, friendly and fun.
We had all-dressed (i.e. everything) bagels with salmon & cream cheese.  My wife declared hers the best bagel she ever had!
If you're in the Montreal area and you're a fan of bagels this spot should definitely be on your must-try list.  This is purely a take-out place so don't expect seating room (although there's a bunch of benches on the same block if you're hungry).Bagels were very good and Montreal-style (aka heavy).  Sesame seed ones are always a classic or if you're in the mood for something a bit sweeter the chocolate bagels were pretty good too (although since they're less popular, they're obviously less fresh).
Don't forget that what you are getting is just a bagel for less than $1 and expect too much out of it. Eat them while they are still warm (this will only be the case for sesame bagels).It would be nice if they have a better cream cheese instead of Philadelphia.
I love bagel...I love NY style bagel coz it's chewy and dense...so i have heard so much about how montrealers are so serious about their bagels...but after having a few days of bagels at the hotel breakfasts, i found the montreal bagels tend to be sweater than the NY style bagels...so i was like...hmmm...do i really need to make a trip to check out these two legendary bagels shops...well, since this bagel shop is on the walking tour route suggested by Lonely Planet, i was like...may as well...there wasn't really a line when i got there. I ordered the "everything" bagel. I love it was fresh out of the oven and warm! The salt on the bagel balanced so well with the sweetness of the bagel. It was good and satisfying....and not as big as its cousins in NY :) so i didn;t have to worry about packing in 500+ calories just from a bagel :)Glad I stopped by!
I forgot this is in the anglophone part of Montreal. So when I ordered in French (like I had been trained to do over the past few days) the very weird server kept replying in English -- the opposite of how things were in the rest of town. Ah, the politics of language. But she kept giggling oddly and half talking to me, half talking to the bakers behind her. It made for a strange experience, like I was talking to someone playing the role of insane asylum escapee. Anyway.The bagels were sweeter than a NY bagel but my favorite part was that there was less to them -- so you didn't feel like you were eating four servings of carbs (which is about what a NY bagel is) but maybe just two. I got a few of these on my last day and the sesame was by FAR the best, and the heavily carroway-seeded/salted bagel a surprising close second. The one with chocolate chips in it tempted me but I tossed it after a few bites because it just tasted off -- poor quality chocolate and not the right dough to mix with it.I'd recommend these as "straight from the oven" as you can get them, but the couple I took home remained chewy and delightful for a few days in the tied up bag.
We stopped here & bought a dozen bagels to bring with us back to Toronto.  They're delicious.  So far we've tried sesame, chocolate, & 'all dressed'/everything.  All yum.Their version of the 'everything' bagel is divine - with just the right amount of caraway to bring out the flavors.As others have mentioned it isn't a place to eat in - grab your bag of warm bagels & go find a bench to enjoy them on.
It's been a while since I got some of my favourite bagels!  6 cinnamon raison and 6 blueberry.  The cinnamon raison just came out of the oven and were amazingly crunchy/crisp and soft in the centre.  I know some people go to St. Viateur but this place is just plain awesome!
The Skinny: there isn't anything better than hanging outside in a beautiful fall day, munching on a hot crunchy sesame seed bagel with cream cheese (4) service: it's counter service... but it's still really slow. On the plus side, it's open 24 hours, 7 days a week to allow you a constant bagel fix. FYI - cash only. (3) Value: $3 for an experience not to be missed (4).Open 24/7, this place is bustling with the workers churning out bagels from their real flaming oven on the large wooden boards. The smell is pretty outrageous as you walk into the yeasty goodness. Bagels come out smoking hot - wonderfully, warm by the time they reach your hands complete with cream cheese.These bagels differ significantly from the bagels that I have ever had. They are very crispy on the outside while very surprisingly light on the inside. Unlike a regular styled bagel, I could have easily eaten at least 2-3 of these in the space of a few minutes.I would say though, it would have been nice to have more cream cheese on my bagel (I love a large mound of cream cheese on my bagels) considering that it was piping hot and melting a little of it away.Service for a place this busy is pretty slow and it only takes cash.Culturally though, this place epitomizes the best of Montreal.
Must try bagels when in Montreal. The cumin bagels were different nd tasty!
In the St. V vs Fairmount Bagel throw down, we chose Fairmount. These were less sweet and tasted more fresh. They were darker on the outside and had a nice contrast in texture to the inside. They're 10 cents more per individual bagel, but totally worth it. They also have an everything flavor (which St. V doesn't) that really hits the spot. Still not as good as NY bagels, but worth a try for a satisfying local breakfast.
Some of the best bagels in the city. Nothing better than a fairmont bagel with capers and lochs!!
A bagel is a bagel is a bagel. Got the sesame seed bagel. It was ~$1. But if you want them to put cream cheese on it, it's an extra $3. SAY WHAT?! Extra 40 cents for a little packet of Philadelphia cream cheese. Definitely do not understand all this hype!
Sweet small little spot but, hands down the best-in-town Montreal bagels! Just bring cash because they don't take Interac.
Grab a bagel and head to a nearby park. Eat delicious bagel. Contemplate going back for another. Had the everything with salmon and cream cheese. Delicious!
Legit woodfired bagels baked to perfection right before your eyes. Antique wooden paddles, hand-shaped yeast bagels on site every day, all day. MUST taste bagels and ask for the smoked salmon. You will not regret this.
VIBEAlways crowded. Always smells great. 24 hours a day. I ATESesame seed bagel. 80 cents. Warm right out of the oven. Nothing is better on a cold Montreal day. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Classic Montreal.
I'd heard a lot of hype about the Montréal bagel and the differences between the NY one etc so I was excited to taste an authentic Montreal style one!I wasn't let down, these bagels are lovely. Loads of different flavours and baked fresh.
Best bagels I have ever had. First time I had it I was like "WHAO!!" Bagels always made fresh. The shop smells like heaven ought to smell. This is a must-visit whenever you're in the area.
In my last review I compared Montreal bagels with New York bagels. It's all about what you grew up with and what you consider a "true" bagel.  For me the standard was H&H in NYC so my first Montreal bagel at Fairmount was disappointing: too sweet and kinda cake-y.  I tried them again since I was with someone who was new to the Montreal bagel.  This time we got some really good lox from a local shop, cream cheese and some pickles, to make a picnic out of it.  Having now had a Fairmount bagel with cream cheese and lox I really appreciate them; the sweetness works really well with the saltiness of the lox and the creaminess of the cheese.  The balance of the flavors was perfect.  The guy at the conserves store next door was really helpful, pointing us to a great place to buy lox (Latina market on St. Viateur).
With very little exaggeration, I lived solely off of bagels and cream cheese on my 5-day Montreal getaway, and Fairmount is why. Fresh, cheap, hand-rolled, and carboliciously satisfying...these bagels are definitely what's up. St Viateur's is delicious as well, but Fairmount is noticeably better in my opinion. Highly recommend the "all-dressed" and sesame, and skip the garlic and blueberry. You cannot visit Montreal without savoring these bagels. And if you're from New York, you really really must go.You'd be shaming your fellow bagel-loving nyc brethren by wasting this bagel experience.
A great place to get a Montreal-style bagel at anytime of day.  I rarely can resist the urge to eat at least one bagel on the way home.Along with the thousands of sesame seed bagels, Fairmount also sells a selection of other varieties.  Though these others are never quite as fresh or warm as the sesame.The shop sells a wide variety of bagel spreads, smoked salmon, milk and juice. Perfect for a mini-breakfast run to start your morning.
Continuing our quest to experience the Montreal bagel, we made our way to Fairmount Bagel, and found that the line was out the door. While the line moved pretty quickly, the overall experience was not so good. Once inside, it was difficult to figure out the system, and it was so crowded that it was overwhelming, and I couldn't wait to get outside.The bagels themselves were OK. Fairly similar in texture to NY bagels, but smaller and with a very very faint hint of sweet. We tried an everything bagel and found that the flavor pales in comparison to the NY equivalent. Also had a garlic bagel which was fairly disappointing because the garlic was overlooked (like burnt overcooked) and left an unpleasant after taste.  Most disappointing, however, was the cream cheese. They had several packaged cheeses available including Philadelphia which was a real drag. From the menu board and the way things were run, it was not clear whether or not we could get a bagel with cream cheese on it or if we had to purchase a package of cream cheese. So, we quickly asked for salmon cream cheese. They gave us 2 options, and we clearly chose the wrong one: Lactantia. This had little flavor of smoked salmon and had the chalky taste of low fat cream cheese.Sadly this place was a disappointment.
I'm from Jersey and am quite used to the New York/New Jersey style of bagels. I wasn't expecting much from this style, which I had heard was much different, but I love it!!! I don't love NY/NJ any less, but these are awesome. Slightly sweet, doughy, but the exterior had just enough integrity, and at this place especially, super fresh and right-out-of-the-oven. They are something like 80 cents a bagel so you can't complain about that (toppings are extra of course). But I don't really care about the price as much as I wished the bagels were bigger haha they are quite small and I've grown accustomed to large portions. Ok, so the size was satisfying, just my tastebuds were craving more. I don't know if this is all the time, but when you walk in, there's a giant stack of bagels taking up more than half of the already tiny space. When my group of 4 arrived at around 1pm, there was only one man waiting in line, but within minutes, it was out the door! Everyone was double-parked outside specifically to get their bagels, including us lol =)I got a poppy bagel with cream cheese and smoked salmon. So good! And the fish was extremely fresh. This was already my 3rd trip to Montreal, and I plan on coming back many many more times... will surely stop by Fairmount again!
Nom, nom, nom... Fairmount Bagels is hands down my favourite bagel place in Montreal.  Always a long lineup, but it moves briskly.  Love that you can see them making the bagels as you order.  Bagels are always fresh, with crispy outsides and chewy insides, and discounts are available if you buy a half or full dozen.  The all dressed, onion, and garlic bagels are great, but my all time fave are the sesame bagels.  The bagels are so good that I once ate through a half dozen in less than an hour.  True story.Also, generally the bagels are so good on their own that you don't even have to sully them with cream cheese or other condiments.  These are bagels that stand on their own!
3.5 starsBagels are fired in a wood(?) burning oven and you see the guys rolling the bagels right there.  The front entrance was almost completely blocked by bagles (er, fire hazard much?) save a very narrow cleared path where people have to turn sideways for others to pass.  CASH ONLY.  Street parking is a bit tough.Sesame and poppy seed bagels are REALLY good ($0.80).  Chewy all over, smaller than American bagels (of course), slight crunch on the outside, soft on the inside.  Lost half a star here.  Got a chocolate bagel and thought they gave me the wrong thing - all I could taste was orange peel.  I almost thought they gave me a raisin cinnamon bagel by mistake.  I tasted no chocolate whatsoever.  ($1.00)They lost a complete star for their garlic bagel.  Burnt garlic, bitter, gross.  I started picking off the garlic pieces.  We only finished it since we were getting starved on the way back to the good ol' U.S. of A.Small cream cheeses are $0.40 each, enough for 1.5 bagel if use sparingly enough but definitely not for two.  What's a bagel without cream cheese?  There's a bigger one for $1.00.These really don't keep you full for too long.  Two people polished off four bagels, 3 cream cheeses over the course of 4 hours.  Was starving by pre-dinner.
A must when visiting Montreal. As others have stated, just try getting out of the store without immediately trying one. Oh, and definitely stop by on your last day in town to get a bag full to take home and freeze. The perfect consistency for toasting.
I hail from the East Coast; lived in New York for quite some time; a Philly area resident for over 20 years.  So, dare I say, I know my bagel. But, when an opportunity came up to try THE Montreal bagel, at the Fairmount Bagel Bakery, I was game.  Prepared ahead of time, checked the types they offer, made my choice, and was ready to sink my teeth into a fresh bagel with a shmear, chased by hot coffee.We drove through snowy Montreal, on a very cold Sunday morning, circled around a bit to find legal parking [je ne parle et ne pas lire le français] and, full of anticipation, finally entered the bagel shop.  Only to find out that it is only a bakery, has no seating, and definitely no coffee.  Stay cool! I got the power bagel, my husband ordered sesame and "everything" [locally known as  "all dressed"] with shmears, and headed back to the cold car to chow, after dropping more than $9 for three bagels with cream cheese. I bit into my power bagel, and stopped.  It tasted like flat whole wheat with raisins, cold, dry, hard to chew - no resemblance to a freshly-baked-just-out-of-the-oven rich aroma and texture.  I tasted the "all dressed", which was a bit more familiar to what we experts consume on the East Coast, but still no Cigar.  The sesame was the only palatable bagel in the bunch: definitely the freshest, warmest, tastiest.  But only one cannot satiate two hungry bagel-loving East Coasters; so off we went in search of better breakfast options.
The best and freshest bagels I have ever had, including NYC. Get the sesame bagel.
Great bagels!Im from NYC and am used to good bagels, but these I was surprised, were actually really good. I could be biased because I love sweets and these bagels are very sweet and soft. Appartently they add some honey in the mixing - but ti works. Be warned though - the line got massive a little later in the morning and we were lucky we didnt have to wait for ever and ever. This isnt a restaurant like we expected though - but they'll sell you a tub of cream cheese so you can dig into your meal elsewhere. Perhaps home and toasting would be ideal.
Today Fairmount Bagel is widely regarded as having the best Montreal style bagels in the city, which is fitting since they invented the breed back in 1919. With nearly a hundred reviews already it's clear the place is special and there's little I can add to the conversation.Try the bagels and then hit Schwartz's Deli on your walk back downtown.  It's pretty much required of every visitor to Montreal.For those living in Montreal I thought I'd highlight the fact that Fairmount Bagel also makes incredible European style soft pretzels.  Seriously you won't find a better soft pretzel anywhere in the city.  They usually sell the last of them by late afternoon so go early or risk having your hopes dashed.
I'm told this spot has the best bagels in Montreal. The texture is nice, crispy with a nice chewy inside. I had the garlic and the onion, which were full of flavor. They have a bunch of spreads like hummus, tzaziki, lox, etc.Another must try Montreal institution. No worries, the long line moves fast.
No nonsense, cash only, world class, Montreal bagels...   5 stars.   If you want Montreal bagels, this is where you go.
Fresh out of the oven!Not only do I love the great selection of fresh bagels, but I love stopping by to watch the bakers do their magic.I find these bagels big and dense. No fluff!My favourite bagels is the blueberry (only because I love sweets). They has a great selection of bagels made with unbleached flour, organic whole wheat flour, organic spelt, organic buckwheat (great for those on gluten-free diets!).I can't wait to go back and try other varieties!
The fresh doughy bagels here are hands-down better than New York bagels.  ...and I live in NYC.  The Fairmount bagels are smaller, chewier, so much more flavorful.  I ate them incessantly when I lived in Montreal.    -- I highly recommend the chocolate bagel - flecked with chocolate chips and candied orange peel, these are subtly decadent.-- The sesame bagels are also a staple. Fairmount Bagels receive a rare 5-star review from me.
Extremely tasty bagel FYI fellow yelpers with strollers this place is extremely small inside large racks for bagels are taking up the space inside
We asked for a few variety to go - no place to really eat except outside. Once I had that bagel in my mouth, it sung! I enjoyed my "everythings" immensely even without cream cheese, which they sell by the tub, but we had walked a long way to the shop and didn't want to carry a tub of cream cheese around for the rest of the day.I thought they were the best in Montreal. Minus one star due to the atmosphere and availability of any individual "extras" for the bagel. Also, no real seating outside- kind of hard when you walked 2 miles just to get breakfast.The bagels are Montreal-style perfect though.
There's this ongoing St Viateur--Fairmount Bagel debate in Montreal -- which is chewier, which is more authentic (to what, I'm not sure), which has more sesame seed to bagel ratio, which has a crispier outside, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. But the fact remains: it's a personal thing. I just so happen to side with Fairmount in this dispute. There was a time not too long ago when I could eat the wheat, and Fairmount was the final destination on any given Montreal debauchery-laden night. In the dead of winter, the seducing waft of freshly baked bagels hit my drunken nose like a baker's bag of day-olds and I'd wait in minus 30 degree weather just for a taste -- JUST A TASTE -- of that doughy offering of bagel bliss.   Straight out of the oven and baked to a crispy, crunchy, cushy, comfy bagel perfection, these are the bomb at anytime of day. Perfect sesame seeds and *just* sweet enough, these round dough-boys are the things dreams are made of.But here's the real beauty of the Fairmount bagel: you got 50 cents? There's a sesame bagel. Got another 25? You just got yourself some cream cheese too.Man, I miss Montreal.
NY bagels are so different compared to Montreal bagels that I won't even go there to pick a favorite or debate their different qualities. I'm just going to say that we loved the bagels from Fairmount sooo much. We ordered our bagels, went outside to try them, finished them and went back in for another round. I ordered 'All Dressed' bagels which means it is an everything bagel. Sounds much nicer than asking for an everything bagel anyway. I thought they bagel was perfectly coated and really addicting.Thankfully we found a place in Newton, MA that receives shipments of their bagels so we can get a fix whenever we want. As they are frozen they are not as good fresh, obviously, but still great to have as an option.
From everything I read about Montreal I had to find Fairmont Bagels.  It's in a cute neighborhood and I actually enjoyed the walk (pretty long) back to the downtown area.  I went with two everything bagels and cream cheese.  I think it cost $2 and change. If the bagels were consistent, I'd give this place 5 stars, but one bagel was much thicker (and consequently less crunch) than the other so it wasn't quite as special.  There are super long lines, but they move fast.  I'd definitely come back.. and maybe ask for the skinnier bagels.
This place rocks!!! Was on vacay in Montreal and read the many positive reviews so decided to come here for breakfast. Came here on a Saturday morning and was expecting a line out the door, but there wasn't one, so yay for that. We ordered in like 2 minutes trying both a lox bagel on multi grain bagel as well as a cinnamon raisin one, and they were both amazinnnng. I'm from Chicago, not NY so I can't really say about NY bagels, but these are some of the best I've ever had, def. a smaller, a lil sweeter, chewier and definitely tastier. If I lived in Montreal, this would be my weekly ritual since it's in a cute area as well. A MUST for bagels!!!!
Maybe the best bagels I've had.  Crunchy on the outside, soft in the middle.  You can smell the smoke in the air when the bagels are cooking and you can taste it in the bagels. When you go, buy at least a half dozen.  You'll thank me later.  On my Montreal trip, we kept going back for more and even kept some with us to continue our Quebec trip.
Best place to go for bagels.lovetoblog.ca/?p=97
Hands down the BEST bagel I have ever eaten...and this coming from a New Yorker (we're proud of our bagels). The sesame bagel is a work of art. Paired with a little cream cheese & the salmon spread that I purchased: Delicious! I'm glad my son did a little research on where to buy bagels.
Tried a sesame bagel with crem cheese.  I was charged 3 Candian dollars.  Seemed expensive.  Is that the right price or was I ripped off?  The bagel was very good and the sesame seeds were very fresh. They only thing is the bagel tasted sweet.  I am assuming they add sugar?  Would prefer no sweetness.
Montreal, what did you do in a previous life to be punished with such crummy bagels? Seriously, eating these bagels made me want to start a public service campaign called "It Gets Better" and I'll recruit people in other cities to show you how good bagels can be. This bagel shop must be build on an ancient Iroquois burial ground.  Seriously, on a weekend trip to Montreal, I had a goal to try these legendary bagels. These things are shriveled up, flat and taste like someone left out the salt. Matzoh Bagels. Blech. 4 hours later, they were inedible.  I love bagels. I've had bagels in New York, Boston, San Francisco, Seattle and I've even taught myself to make really good bagels at home (Google "Peter Reinhart Bagel recipe"). These Fairmount bagels were a huge disappointment. If I made a batch of bagels that came out like this, I'd toss them out and try again. Hope I save some other bagel loving visitor from shlepping up to this shop.
I didn't get a chance to compare the rival Montreal bagel shops so this was my only bagel experience on my trip. It's a small shop with plenty of visitor parking around. Important because the space is mainly a bagel bakery, there is barely room to turn around in to leave after you place your order and pay. It smells wonderful as soon as you step in the door. There are plenty of prepackaged bagels to go, but you can also order individually. Jam and cream cheese sold separately. We were running low on Canadian cash so we got our bagels naked and took them to Jean Talon market to enjoy then shop for gifts for family.We both got the sesame seed bagels. The bagels are about the usual size with a large central hole. The texture was a little chewier than usual, but not in a bad way. The dough was a little sweeter than usual, again not in a bad way, just different. It was good and the cream cheese was not missed. Easy to stock up and take home if you're driving! Cash only.
As a Native New Yorker there is no other bagel that matches quality, taste and consistency to flavor.  Until one fine day a friend in Montréal along with her husband took myself and my former love to Fairmount.  Whoa!  The taste is vastly different than New York standards.  I'm verstile in flavor so taste is easily to adapt.  It's sweeter and smaller in size.fairmountbagel.com
Hand rolled, boiled and wood fired bagels. I've never seen a wood fired bagel oven. Not a NY bagel but close and less doughy. A sort of "leaner" version of its NY cousin. Somehow I felt less guilty eating this one. Try one of the many varieties. The all dressed (everything) with smoked salmon (not salty) and cream cheese was great and you can sit outside on a bench and enjoy if the weather is cooperating.
Ordered the Chocolate Bagel.  Untraditional and maybe it wasn't the right game plan.  Sweet bagel isn't really my thing but it was my companions.  Add a bite and there was a light crisps on the outside but a tad underwhelming overall.  Not the best chocolate flavor.  Small store front to order, cramped and much preferred my experience a couple of blocks northwest to the 24 hour St. Vinteurs.
The best of the best! Always fresh and tasty. Even better with cream cheese or without depends on your mood!
My acronymic experience at Fairmount Bagel:F-resh out of the ovenA-iry and slightly crisp exterior and studded with sesame seeds adds        another textural dimension!I-ndecisive when it is my turn to buy so I buy a few of every flavorR-an outside to find a bench to enjoy my bagel bliss M-ore of a selection to choose from than St. Viateur BagelO-nion bagels and garlic bagels---potent! Need mints after consumption.U-ndeniably the best bagels I have hadN-ever can just eat one!T-asty ring shaped bread especially slathered with cream cheese
Taking advice from a local, I bought two dozen sesame bagels to stock up at home.SO. GLAD. I. DID.Sorry, NY bagel, you do not even compare. Montreal bagels in general are more bread-y and less dough-y, so they have a great chew. Fairmount bagels, specifically, are handmade, as evident in their misshapen size, and they're so popular that they go straight from the oven rack to people's hands. I initially didn't understand why they're open 24 hours, but now I see the appeal!I should also mention that having two dozen fresh bagels in a car will set you on olfactory bliss.
We went around 9pm and got some warm sesame bagels.  It was a pretty impressive operation, a mass of dough on the wooden table, and workers putting them on wooden planks, sticking them in the wood oven, boiling them, bagging them, etc.  It was a nice, chewy bagel, kind of tasted like a philly soft pretzel to me, but warm. it was yummy!  We got their sesame, garlic, and mixed bagels to go.
I much prefer Montreal bagels to NYC ones. Not too big of a bagel fan but these were delicious and cheap. Open 24/7 is always a good thing too. Tried the sesame, plain, and blueberry bagels
Again, like Chinese food, bagels are also something I gladly detest like a sickness in NYC.....but eat to no end and thus dissolve all logic once I'm in Montreal. Fairmount's bagels are much thinner and crispier...and fresher by a longshot compared to the smelly ring-sponges NYC passes off for a bagel, no question! Sucks that they don't have butter...juat cream cheese, jelly or lox...but that's also a testament to how heavenly they are by themselves.
It's all true:- Probably the world's best bagels- Open 24/7, from a miniscule little store with not much place to eat... but they'll sell them to you in whatever quantity you want, with cream cheese and a knife and a napkin if you so prefer.  You can sit on the little bench right outside while eating if you are lucky.- They generally have hot ones available, just ask (usually sesame, I've been told) but they won't serve these to you in plastic bags because the bags will melt!- The magic in Montreal bagels is that the outside is almost toasted so that it has just a touch of crunchiness, while the inside is super duper soft and moist, literally almost like mochi.  The overall flavor is slightly sweeter than that of New York style bagels, as Montreal style bagels are made using honey water.  Amazing.  Saint Viateur (sp?) bagels up the street are also pretty good and pretty famous, but didn't have quite the magical contrast between crunchiness and warm moistness that Fairmont bagels had in our two taste tests from five or so foodies.- But before you get excited and take three dozen back home to the States, know this: they have a shelf life of about 12 hours.  You've got to enjoy them right away!BEST X AARON'S EVER HAD AWARD WINNER: MONTREAL STYLE BAGELS
I knew I had to try a bagel at Fairmount when I was in Montreal, so I grabbed a taxi at my hotel. When the doorman asked where I was going so he could tell my driver and I said Fairmount Bagels, he smiled and teased me, "Are you going to bring some back with you? You'll have a lot of friends!"Even when I walked in the door of the little storefront, I wasn't sure if I was in the right place. The vestibule was stacked high with bagged bagels and all I could see were people in various stages of bagel-making. For a moment I thought I'd walked into the wrong part, because I didn't see a retail counter anywhere. But when I asked the first worker I saw, she pointed me around the tower of packages to the counter.While contemplating what to order and then waiting for my smoked salmon and cream cheese on a plain bagel, I was able to witness the process: one man sliced bits from a huge ball of dough and formed the bagels. At the other table another man lined up uncooked bagels on a 6-foot-plus narrow wooden paddle and placed the bagels into the roaring wood-fired oven. It was quite a spectacle, especially when the bagels were extracted from the oven on the long paddle and tossed into a waiting receptacle.I ate my bagel as I walked back toward my hotel, down St.-Laurent. At first glance, it was definitely smaller than its U.S. cousins. At first bite, it was harder, more pretzel-like than doughy, and slighty sweet. But as with all bagels, it was delicious with the cream cheese and smoked salmon. The trip to Fairmount was certainly worth it, but I still prefer American bagels.
try their power bagel. toasted with butter and a good latte and you've got your breakfast.
I had to try the Canadian version for a bagel to be able to compare with the New York style. I ordered a bagel w/ cream cheese and lux (5.5 CAD) and I was very impressed! The bagels are made in front of you in a large old fashion oven. They are slightly different then the NYC ones, and def. compare in taste and texture. It's a must to try these of you're in town and like bagels.
I really liked the poppy seed and all dressed-up bagels.  They are fresh out of the oven with a crunchy shell and soft, light interior.; they are also very slightly sweet.  Try either one with the cream cheese, which is also fluffy and light.  I really wish that we have one of these back home.  Spread bagelry just doesn't come close.  This is the real deal when it comes to Montreal bagels.  St. Viateur is good, too, but I like the everything bagel here.
Hand-rolled, brick-oven fired and made with unbleached flour!  The only way to make a good bagel. Fairmount bagels located in a quiet out of the way area of Montreal are undoubtedly one of the best bagels in North America and that includes H+H in New York.  I see that my fellow Vancouver yelper Robin M. also visited this legendary establishment and gave it a two thumbs up. Yeah Robin!Not knowing what to expect, we arrived to see a line up onto the sidewalk.  It's a good sign to see such a demand for a bagel.  Well, the line moves pretty fast and the reason you're lined up out the door is because there isn't much room inside except the order counter.  You get a peekaboo view of the bagels going into and coming out of the brick oven on the long paddles which is nice to watch.  We were planning to have breakfast here but this is not that kind of place.  You come to buy bagels by the bag.  We bought a bag of various flavors and a small tub of cream cheese.  These warm, oven fresh bagels could not wait to be consumed.  We found a bench along the street and broke out the tablecloth.  Oven baked to perfection on the outside making them crisp when you bite into them.  Chewy but not doughy on the inside. The right amount of sweetness and a generous amount of sesame seeds.  Awesome Bagels.
FRESH BAGELS! Fairmont Bagel is a great treat, but if you go here, please eat your bagels right away, they are best served fresh!I had never ever seen bagels being made right in front of you it was entertaining to watch, and they make your fresh bagels 24 hours a day in a wood fired oven.We ordered half a dozen bagels and ate most of them within 2 hours of getting them.Don't fuss with all the different types of bagels, just get the freshest ones they have which are the white sesame seed bagels, because chances are those ones are going to be the freshest ones.If you are good in the kitchen their bagels taste awesome with fresh Tzatziki.
Bagels in New YorkAre supposed to be the best.Wrong!  Frenchies makes 'em.
So I could not leave Montreal without bagels. A quick browse on Yelp and I knew where to head. Our hotel was in the downtown area, and Fairmount was a couple of km away. Luckily we had a car, as it may be a little far for tourists. YES it is the Montreal Bagel place you see on tv. I could not help but crane my neck over the heads in from of me in line to peer into the back where men were making bagels. A MASSIVE chunk of dough was slowly being snipped and the bits formed into bagels and set into a boiling bath. Once removed from the water, they were slung on a long plank, dusted with sesame seeds or seasonings and put into the oven. "Excuse me, can I have some all dressed." "yes one minute..." "How long til the All dressed come out of the oven?" "Madame, it will be two minutes."2 min later, me.. giggling with three dozen hot fresh bagels to eat on the five hour drive back to Toronto.Tonnes of flavours available! We particularity enjoyed sesame and all dressed. Western cream cheese. They sell three varieties and smoked salmon! Plus the car smelled like bagels for days and my coworkers were all thrilled when I arrived bearing gifts. Read the back of the bags, the entire family story is on the back. The family brought the bagel to Montreal in 1919, and moved to the current location in 1949. Delicious! a must stop. Open 24/7
This is not a cafe. There are no tables, cafe au laits, or wireless internet stations. It's a friggin' bagel store. Like, you know, a bakery. It amazes me that people want so much goddamn razzle-dazzle these days that they'll rate stars down on THE BEST FREAKIN' BAGELS IN THE UNIVERSE just because it doesn't meet their Lacoste Sportif wearing, cosmo-sipping, gentrified yuppie ideal.Cynical New Yorkers should avoid Fairmount as well. This isn't fucking Zabar's, and the bagels aren't those puffy monsters that the Apple is so famous for. As for me, I'll take 7 dozen sesame seed bagels to go, please.
Best bagels in the world. New York, eat your heat out! My only issue with this place is that they don't have sitting space. You have to pick some up and eat it at home.
My 250 Review!NOT! I had 441 reviews in my previous Yelp life. So technically I have *counting fingers 691 horribly written and useless reviews.But wait, I have had two flagged which again *counting fingers means I have 693!Ok end rant.NY Bagels are great, Montreal style bagels are better and are my favorite bagels in our solar system. And my favorite Montreal bagel are Fairmont's! I discovered these while on a romantic week long trip through Eastern Canada by myself. But traveling alone has it's benefits too, like you can make the call on what to have breakfast. So once I latched on Montreal bagels I made a point of eating one every single morning. I'm guessing your significant other would tire quickly of such a breakfast. But me? oh boy! I was in carb heaven!Hey Fairmont Bagel, if you are ever looking to expand to the US, I know a small town that would welcome you with open arms.
The bagel was good but I'm more of a NY style bagel kind of girl. I don't like my bagels as dense. I did quite enjoy watching the guys make the bagels though while waiting to order - that itself was worth the taxi ride from our hotel downtown to try Montreal's Best Bagel!
Warm Sesame,  Poppy seed, and chocolate bagels were the best we've ever eaten. Line moved quickly. Went back a second time after devouring first order.
Best Bagels in The World. Nuff' said
It's funny how this place will completely split people's opinions. I can certainly respect the taste and size of the bagels here for what they are. Montreal bagels, bagels that are probably some of the best in Canada.However, they're certainly not NY bagels which is what I've become accustomed to and what I find to be tastier for my taste buds at least.They weren't so exceptional that I would purposely come here again, but if it were handy to swing by I would certainly grab another.Some of the others in the group I went with loved the bagels and some of the others disliked it more than me.We got there first thing in the morning so lines weren't an issue, but by the time we were leaving there was definitely a sizable crowd slowly building out the door.
Hands down, the best bagel store I've visited in my life. Nothing comes close.The only "machine" I saw here is the cash machine. Everything else is hand made. You can see the bagel preparation process while ordering. Everything is hand made, with care. Get the Montreal style bagel. It is the equivalent of everything bagel. There is no match to it. Other winners are cumin, chocolate chip, and sun dried tomato bagels.We took our bagels to Illy coffee next door to eat. There is no space to sit at Fairmount bagels, there is barely enough space to stand. I bought a whole bag of the Montreal style bagels to bring home and forgot them on the plane. I listened to my man for an entire week, as a punishment. Yeah, they are that good.
I was reluctant to "spend" my 100th review on an establishment outside my home of Toronto, but for a Montreal or perhaps Canadian (but for sure, Jewish)  institution, I'll make an exception.What can I say?  A visit here is a great experience.  A step back in time.  Highlights include a view of the bagel making process in action, and a pair of men carrying a "slab" of dough the size of a human body.We hired a cab to take us here on the way to the train station (totally opposite direction) and wait while we went in.  No surprise, this wasn't the first time the driver received this request.  (He also received a fresh bagel for his trouble.)Don't be misled by the (1951) in their name.  Their origins go back to 1919.  A must-visit if you're at all interested in the origins of the Montreal bagel, or Jewish culture in general.  (It's at Fairmount and St. Urbain, for goodness sake.)PS;  I have one bone to pick.  I truly doubt that Grandfather Isadore would approve of chocolate chip bagels.  I think they should have stuck to sesame, poppy and plain.  But that's just me.
I was told I should only write a review after a comparison with St Viateur, and then contrast them with NYC bagels.  I'm sorry to say Montreal, that while your bagels are good, and while they may have their place in this world... they are not NYC bagels.  Good try though.
I've never liked Montreal bagels.  I've always thought they tasted more like pretzels than bagels.  But, I was in Montreal, and my friend from the area, said this was the place to go.  So, I trekked out here.  In the rain.  Pushing a stroller.  With an overtired child in the seat.First, I got here, and was disappointed there was no place to sit and enjoy the bagels I was going to buy.  The shop itself was great.  And watching the process was amazing.  But the place was small.  And not quite what I expected.  I bought a few bagels, took a bite out of one before leaving the store.  I was woefully unimpressed.  Then a local cabbie comes in.  He has left his cab double parked outside.  He asks for "two of whatever is hot".  Pays his money and is on his way.I go back to the counter.  And I now ask for "two of whatever is hot".  And I have a bagel that changes my mind about what a bagel can be.  Holy sh*t those were good bagels.  Cabbies.  Say what you will about them... they know how to eat.  So screw the fancy flavors.  Seriously.  Get what just came out of the oven.  Eat it on the spot.  Then repeat.  Until you can't shove any more white flour down your gullet.Are they the better bagel?  Honestly, I am still partial to the NY bagel on the whole.  But Fairmont has encouraged me to keep an open mind.
My bf and my friends LOVE Montreal-style bagels.  When we visited Montreal, this was a must-stop. We stocked up on enough to bring home to the States, and we savored every one.Chewy bagels with a nice density, and not sweet at all (that's a big issue for me in bagel shops outside of NYC--too many places add a lot of honey or sugar).  Perfect simply toasted with butter.  Mmm.
Too much hype I guess.Not the greatest bagel I have sampled. But I am sure the debate will rage forever!I had an all dressed with cream cheese and salmon. Maybe a bit too much salmon for a little bagel?Cash only. Really? They make buckets of dough outta this place, and can't be bothered to accept Interac. Come on, I know they have been around for years, but make it easier for us to spend $$$.I was also under the [foolish] impression that there might be a place to eat your bagel inside. Nope. Out to the freezing ass street I went. Argh.Perhaps on a sunny summer day this review would be an easy five star.Till then Fairmount keep slingin your doughy delights.
Amazing bagels! Crusty on the outside, soft and chewy inside....
As I dragged my poor guy across the Mont Royal Plateau on an epic quest, I was questioning my bagel obsession and asking myself, "Is all this brouhaha really worth a bagel?"  Do birds fly?  Is water wet? Great bagel place - the pretzels are good too!  My only qualm is that they were out of so many specialty flavours and it was really disappointing to not get to try something crazy.  I guess you have to get there early in the morning!  It was really cool to watch the bagels being made from the huge mound of dough and slid into the oven on a giant wooden paddle.  The bagel I finally settled on was good - chewy but with a little crunch to the outside.  They have coffee too!
Got a sesame bagel straight out of the oven...so good. It was worth the burn blisters I got because my greedy ass couldn't wait until they cooled a little before eating it. So light and airy. The bagels are delicious on their own, no cream cheese, jelly , etc needed. It was kind of cool to see the bagel making process. For those wondering if NY bagels are better than Montreal bagels - it's not a competition it's just a matter of preference.FYI Jersey bagels tops 'em all :-)
WOOOOOOO! I GOT A FRESH, STILL WARM CINNAMON RAISIN BAGEL!Ok, now the only reason I am that freakin' happy about it, is that it took me 13 months since I was able to duplicate this feat.  Im not saying that they aren't fresh normally, but getting the Cin-Rai when straight outta the oven, is sort of like winning the Bagel Lottery. Except you don't want to eat a million bagels, you want just that one, the only warm bagel. I swear it moved me to emotions I didn't know existed. I know what you might be thinking, you've had a fresh outta the oven bagel before... Sure, you can do that with the sesame anytime you want, but know this,  it's not easy getting a Cin-Rai warm, which makes it that much more special.  As the city divides itself over which is the better bagel joint in town, I left my heart at Fairmount Bagel.
The best bagel in the world: just maybe. Montreal style is very different from NY style and I prefer it. The Montreal style is about the same diameter, but has much less dough, so there is a large center hole. The dough is also a bit more dense but with larger holes and slightly sweeter. Because of the different geometry, it cooks differently with a high crust to interior ratio.Fairmount is one amazing business. The place is unassuming. It is about the size of a house and when you enter (anytime, as the place is open 24/7), the place is stacked to the ceiling with bakery trays of bagged sesame bagels. The sesame bagel is by far their best selling item. As you approach the counter you can watch the whole process from hand rolling the dough to boiling, seeding, and baking.Order a sesame bagel with cream cheese plus a bag of fresh ones to take home. Eat the bagel on the bench out front and be prepared to be amazed. It may very well be the best in the world.
You walk into a little building, crammed with crates of product and ingredients necessary to make that product, to order a half-dozen of SUPER-DENSE bagels for less than five.They don't just have the regular flavours, poppyseed, sesame, etc... but novelties (for me) like cardamom. Tried it, and it definitely works.I don't lean a particular way on NY bagels vs Montreal bagels or this place vs. St Viateur, but these bagels are definitely an experience and definitely worth having when you have the chance. The bagels have to be earned, you can easily spend a good 1/2 hour per bagel to fight and chew the dense material. The taste, sublime.The one minor quibble I have is that they won't break change, so you might be upsold if you don't want to go hunting for an ABM before acquiring delicious delicious bagels.
completely overrated.NY bagels reign supreme in my book and these supposedly "fresh" bagels were stale, hard and way too dense for my taste.also, there's no place to sit and eat your bagels.  I'll take H & H over these any day.
If you are looking for something tasty to spend your carbs on, have a just-out-of-the-oven sesame Fairmount Bagel sliced in half and slathered with full fat cream cheese. Then have another one. And another one. And eat every single one of the bagels that you bought, because these bagels are best on day one when just baked.On day 2, you can freshen them up in the toaster, but it isn't as good as just baked. Also, tossing some in the freezer for a rainy day bagel binge in the future works well too at preserving the goodness, somewhat. But Day 2 and Defrosted bagels from Fairmount do not represent.Yes, Fairmount Bagel is a small place that only accepts cash. Yes, there is no place to sit down. Yes, eating 6 bagels with cream cheese in one sitting is not necessarily healthy. But who cares? When bagels taste this good, it's worth it.
Real good bagel.  Not what I expected when I walked in but the bagels were sweet and good
Is it me or has Fairmount Bagels gone downhill?? I stopped by on a recent trip to Montreal to pick up several dozens of a few different kinds and man, looks like they're cutting corners and quality is at its low. I thought it might be just one of those days but in years past, they've ALWAYS been consistent!I got mostly sesame seed bagels and a few blueberry, garlic, and cinnamon raisin and they weren't very good. The garlic bagels were especially NOT GOOD! I ended up having to throw them away, thank goodness there were only a few but trust me when I say they were nasty, AND they stunk up my car and house--so not worth the trouble! It would appear that the sesame seed bagels are much bigger than before and definitely do not have that usual Montreal bagel flavour and texture. I mulled this over a while and realized they're using some kind of filler or extra yeast? that makes the bagel more bread-y than bagel. If I want bread with a hole in it that's trying to pass itself off as a bagel, I'll go to Great Canadian Bagel, thank you very much! The blueberry bagels used to be much more purple with more blueberries when sliced open but not this time. They were more of a light blue with a couple of morsels of blueberry; the colour made them look almost synthetic. I didn't get the cinnamon raisins for myself so I didn't get to try them but even if I had the choice, I wouldn't have as I never really liked raisins in my bread. Another thing I noticed is that after letting the bagels cool in the paper bag, as I was putting them in the plastic ones they give you, they were rock hard. They also didn't have the same smell. I ripped one open to see if I was just being paranoid and not only did it not look the same, it didn't feel or taste the same. What's happening???I always preferred Fairmount over St-Viateur for its variety and overall taste (they're quite similar in taste though, let's not kid ourselves) and for all I know, maybe St-V has upped their game and started offering more flavours but if this lack of quality is a regular feature at Fairmount, I'm going to have to find some other source. I think I've even had better MTL bagels in Toronto than the ones I got from FB recently! I'll have to do my rounds at the kosher bakeries in Toronto that offer MTL bagels when I run out of this batch and if there's a decent place among them, I won't bother doing these bagel runs when I head up to Montreal in the future. And it's not like FB's prices that great!I'm giving Fairmount 3* as I am hoping I just happened to visit on an off-day. TO give it 2* when I go so seldom hardly seems fair. I'll try them again and see then what the deal is.
I'm such a tourist.So yes, I had to grab a famous Montreal bagel on my recent trip.  I hiked out here from my downtown hotel on a lovely Friday morning and was surprised to arrive to a line out the door.  Fortunately, Fairmount is very efficient and I was quickly at the front of the line.  I ordered one sesame and one cinnamon raisin bagel, paid up, and was out of there because there is no place to eat in the store.  I settled on a bench outside, decided to save my cinnamon raisin bagel as a snack during my later Mont Royal hike, and started eating.  Having finished the sesame bagel, I promptly reversed my decision and also ate the cinnamon raisin one.  I'm a tourist with poor impulse control.My Lonely Planet tour book informed me that Montreal residents refer to our American bagels as "hockey pucks" (whether or not this is true, I have no idea).  And I can see why.  These bagels are definitely "wetter" than ours are - perhaps because they're dunked in water before they go in the oven.  They're also slightly sweeter.  I dunno...at the end of the day they were good, but a bagel's kind of a bagel's kind of a bagel.  After the hype I was expecting this bagel to change my life and make me swear off American bagels forever.  Let's just say I've already purchased a Dunkin' Donuts bagel since my return.Prices are super reasonable, and I saw they had bags of day old bagels for even less money available at the front of the store.
Montreal and New York have a thing for bagels. You may even hear people arguing which is better. As I went back for the second time, I sat outside on a sunny day, spreading my own cream cheese on my delicious crunchy and soft everything bagel, I thought, "they're just different." While in NY you get a huge doughy on the inside, crunchy on the outside bagel, with a LOT of cream cheese (in any of the various flavors you can choose from), in Montreal, you get a smaller bagel, but still soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside. Now, about Fairmount. I was a little intimidated going in the first time. It's SMALL. It's a bakery. You squeeze in, look at what bagels they have and order. One, a dozen, whatever. But here's a tip, most likely they are pulling out some sesame bagels out of this amazing wood fired stone oven so get one of those. Or whatever else they just finished baking. It's difficult not to just want to stand and watch them pull and roll the dough, boil them and then bake them. It's ok to stand there and watch while the helpful staff is getting your order ready. They are patient because most people that are there, know what they want, order, pay and get out. Don't be intimidated by all the French speakers either. Just don't get in the way.
we swung by on a late friday evening after our montreal friend said it was a must-try. i love the atmosphere - you order basically right in the kitchen - there are workers pulling bagels fresh out of the huge oven and putting them straight into our hungry tummies! our friend says that the traditional bagels are either the poppy or sesame seed but we LOVED the blueberry bagels. they were packed full of blueberry and definitely had a great blueberry flavor. i also spotted cranberry, chocolate chip, and all-dressed (= everything) bagels and was impressed by the size of the bozo (poppy seed and sesame seed). the bagels are crunchier/more well done than typical bagels and a touch sweeter and less dense than new york style bagels... delicious! best off, they're all only 70 cents each! MUST EAT FRESH!!
I got someone shipped the bagels to me at home.  It takes them around 6 hours and by the time of arrival it is too late at 2 a.m. to try them.  The next morning I pick the Cinnamon and toast it.  The texture is thicker and more chewy than those in Toronto.  But with the high expectation I can only rate it a 3 star.  I may have to go to Montreal one day to try it fresh from the oven before rating it again.
This was the bagel shop I liked better than the other one. Although Schwartz's smoked meat I like better than Katz's, NY definitely is my preference in bagel.
I never knew there was so much of a debate between Montreal and NYC bagels until I read the travel guide and checked out Yelp.  I guess I am just naive because i did a double take and my jaw dropped at another restaurant when I realized the menu said "Horse".  wow, that was a shocker.  But anyway, the whole bagel debate is kinda like the chicago vs nyc pizza thing.  They are just totally different and its a tough comparison.  First of all, staying in downtown, I took the metro and walked about 10 or 15 min to Fairmount.  It was nice to actually see some of the town.  Anyway, the chick at the counter wasn't very friendly.  I said bon jour but then started to speak in english.  I think I pissed her off when I asked for a bagel with butter.  She yelled at me and said "we don't serve butter with bagels here!"  so sorry lady.  Montreal does serve lil packets with peanut butter at some places (eggspecations) which i thought was fantastic.  As far as the bagel, it's kinda small and it really reminded me of Panera or Au Bon Pain.  like that very brown sophisticated look with the silly lil package of cream cheese in there.  Maybe im the spoiled american who is happy when they cut the bagel for you...anyway I sat down outside in the rain and bit into the bagel, and WOW! It was really good! like really fn good.  just like what they say, crunchy outside and sweet doughy interior.  The only drawback was I should have ordered 4 or 5 of them because they are on the small side.  They are cheap though (1 CAD).  I didn't want the girl to yell at me again so i went across the street for more lunch at this bangin Cuban/Chilean cafe, which I will yelp later as soon as i find out the name.If you are staying in old town or downtown, i really have to recommend checking out fairmount.  Besides the bagels, it's a nice area to see and then you can walk back down St Denis.
Tried one from here and one from St. Viateur. I had sesame both times. This one was a little sweeter and a little less chewy, but they were both really good in their own ways. Fairmount has so many different flavors to try and I really wanted to try them all, including the pretzel one, but I stuck my my classic favorite - sesame. Not disappointed at all.
In Montreal you need to choose your religion, Fairmount or St. Viateur... and well, we are faithfully Fairmount. The only downside is when they are making the Costco order and the whole place is filled with packed bagels for Costco. You have to squeeze around the Costco order. But where else can you get such a delicious onion or garlic bagel! Parking's a pain, but park quickly, pick it up and go!
Hmmm... bagels. I hardly eat them as the bagel shops in Toronto don't make good Montreal-style bagels (except for Gryfe's). However whenever I visit Montreal, I make an effort to travel to one of the best bagel shops in the city. I like the fact there's variety at Fairmount. Say what you will about the other shops who claim that bagels should only come in two or three flavours maximum, I disagree. If you can make a tasty garlic-flavoured bagel then you have my vote as being one of the best bagel shop in the city. I tend to go to the other place further down the street out of loyalty and reputation, but Fairmount is a fair contender in the bagel wars.  With an assortment of flavours, I bought plain, sesame and garlic. I practically lived on these during my 24 hours stint in the city. While waiting for the free Stevie Wonder show to start, I ate the supply I had bought that morning and shared with my friends. They were still fresh and soft, a perfect bagel in my books!
I prefer NY bagel to both the places in Montreal
After waiting in line for 15 minutes or so, this place was pretty disappointing as we expected epic montreal bagels. We tried a number of flavours, and the pretzel however the breakdown of all follows:Chocolate Chip bagel - was not great, very dry and tasted like lemon. Garlic Bagel - Disgusting... the taste lingers in your mouth for days.. not to mention the smell.. Warning don't let them mix with your other bagels as it will ruin them, and keep them in a sealed bag as it has a pugnent stench. to be fair, our batch of garlic bagels may have been burnt, I don't know but that may help explain the horridness of this flavour. Cinnamon Raisin bagels were the best of the bunch, decent flavour but still kind of dry.Plain was also mediocre. The pretzel was probably the best thing from this place but it was a little too salty. Also you have to buy your own cream cheese and put it on your self. So if your just getting a snack, be prepared to buy a tub of condiments!
It tasted more like a bialy than a bagel.  Sorry to say, but the bagel did not match the hype.  Maybe it is because I'm surrounded by good bagel shops in NY/Norther NJ and can't help but compare.  I would not go out of my way to come here again.  But decent bagel, I guess.
When asking around Montreal for the best bagel place, Fairmount Bagel was highly recommended.  After parking and waiting for what felt like forever, we made it.  I guess I was expecting a New York bagel but I was sadly disappointed.  They are completely different than your average NY bagel.  They are way smaller, (kind of remind me of flat bagels) and have a sweet taste to them.  They don't make their own cream cheese but instead use Philadelphia cream cheese which was a huge bummer.  It was quite a charming establishment and while I will always love and prefer my NY bagels, this Canadian style bagel sufficed.
if you've never fallen in love with bagels, don't worry...it's not you.i never knew i could have that orgasmic experience with bagels until i had some at la maison de l'original fairmount.  and if you didn't have that feeling after eating these bagels, yes, then it's YOU...something seriously is wrong with you or you've been very spoiled by your partner!!!
I wish someone would have told me this is not my kind of bagel place.  What I mean by that is that they don't toast bagels and smear them with anything you could possibly think of.  It's a to go, dozen bagels to take home type of place. I was so excited to try Fairmount Bagel because I used to work at a bagel place with the same name.  My little heart and big appetite were crushed after walking miles to stand in line and realize nope, no toasted bagels with smears for me. Blargh. The actual bagels we got and ate by themselves or dipped in cream cheese (one "all dressed" or everything in American speak and one chocolate chip) were good bagels, don't get me wrong.   I was just very disappointed that I couldn't experience the bagels as a proper breakfast.
These bagels make me happy.  This is the seven-step plan to best navigate the Fairmont bagel experience:1) starve yourself in the morning2) make sure you have cash3) when you get to the counter, order a dozen of whatever just came out of the oven (hopefully sesame) for every 3 people. in your group.  Also get a big tub of the french high-fat cream cheese, a package of smoked salmon (180-250 grams should do you about right) and a half-gallon of OJ.4) after paying, take one bagel out of the bag and split it into three.  Eat it plain immediately so you can minimize the oven-to-mouth time.5) have a mini-mouthgasm.6) get to the park asap and create a slicing-smearing-loxing assembly line.7) devour and be happy.  If visiting Montreal, return at the end of the trip to buy as many dozens as fit in your trunk.
That is NOT a bagel.I'm from NYC, home of H & H and Ess a Bagel.  Those are real bagels - big and meaty.  These are more like glorified donuts.  They're also unusually sweet for a bagel.  Tasty but in a different sort of way...but just don't call it a bagel.  The place is a dive in some residential area so parking is non-existent.  The last annoying thing was that THEY DO NOT TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!!  For such a busy place (expect to wait on line) that caters to tourists, it should really take credit cards.  A tad expensive but what do you expect for a tourist trap.  Ess is a bagel.  This is not.
My Favorite BagelYes, yes, NYC'ers complain that bagels are meant to be larger, but when it comes to taste, I think Fairmount's small donut like offerings are a lot better.Unfortunately, they don't make their own cream cheese.Next time, I venture up to Quebecoise contry, I'd like to try St-Viateur Bagel to compare with Fairmount.
One thing that I can't stop thinking about is the Fairmount Bagel Bakery. There are arguments who makes the world best bagel.The winner is Fairmount Bagels.It's freshly made out of hot wood burning ovens. My favorite are the Sesame bagels and Sun-Dried tomatoes.Love the crunch, the smell, and NO I'm not eating rubber ball. This what a bagel should be. Got to be stopby this place when you're in Montreal. Even the locals brags about their bagels.
Very modest (and small!!!) place.  The lady at the counter was super-nice.  I got the sesame bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese.  It was great.  There is a hint of sweetness in these bagels that make them unique in Montreal.  There is also something about the sesame seeds in these bagels which flavor pops out.
Tried the sesami and raisin flavor. not bad nor great.
I couldn't tell which is better: Fairmount Bagel or St Viateur Bagel.  I think i made my first stop at Fairmount, the very first bagel shop in Montreal.  i ordered a cinnamon raisin flavor.  it has nice crusty exterior and it's chewy inside.  hmm, it's tasty!
BEST MONTREAL BAGELS! this place is an institution- if it is your first time in Montreal it is a definite go to. Order the regular sesame and eat it fresh from the oven.. melts in your mouth. Now that I am living in San Francisco, everytime I visit my parents in Montreal, I bring back at least two dozen and stash them in my freezer :)
My husband and I went to try this place out after being told that Montreal had bagels worth writing home about.  After trying these bagels, we were so disappointed we almost didn't go on to St. Viateur which turned out to be epically better.  Not only did we watch one of the bagel makers drop a whole load on the floor and then throw them in the bins anyway, my cinnamon raisin bagel was totally hard and flavorless.  My husband's blueberry bagel was only marginally better.  I don't care about the size, or the cafe feel, but the taste has to be there and it just wasn't.  Maybe it was an off day or an off batch but, well totally not worth it as far as I'm concerned.
SO yummy! This place is seriously a whole in the wall and probably the size of a towel closet but it is AMAZING. I got a garlic bagel and a cinnamon raison bagel! DELISH! Definitely a fan!
Cute bagel shop and restaurant in a French-speaking part of Montreal.  I felt like I was pretty far away from the city center even though it was a short metro ride away.  The menu is in French so I had to use what I remembered from high school to figure out what to order.  I knew enough to order the smoked salmon bagel sandwich and it was delicious.  The bagel is quite smaller than a New York-style one, but I didn't miss the (sometimes) overabundance of starch in this sandwich.  It had a perfect balance of smoked salmon, cream cheese, red onion, and accoutrements.  I wish I had taken a sampling of each bagel they had back to my hotel room, along with a half-pint of schmear.  Oh well- just another reason to go back to Montreal!
The bagels are alright - but this place is not worth trekking across town to get a bagel.This is just a bagel joint - they sell Philadelphia cream cheese like at the grocery store - but it's just a place to grab a bag of bagels and leave - that's it. I went at noon-ish  - there was a line out the door and hardly any flavors left. There certainly weren't any 'exotic' flavors left - which was quite disappointing. (and with a line out the door? I don't get it!!)I got one fresh - still hot bagel - that was quite good - it was an onion bagel. The others were alright. I definitely recommend asking whats hot and get that - fresh is sooooo much better!!!We took our bag of bagels and went next door to grab some coffee and sit down - as many others do as well.
The staff here seem really nice. The bagels are good, though I felt it was a bit of a walk from the metro station for me to get here, and it was a hot day. But better than NY-style bagels? Really? I believe people who say that haven't really experienced a NY-style bagel! The Montreal-style bagel was slightly denser and sweeter than American bagels, but nothing more...nothing extraordinary! I wouldn't have gone out of my way for them!
scruuuuumptioooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuussssssssssss.When I look at the Fairmount bagels and then think to my Brooklyn bagels, I can clearly see why we have such a larger obesity problem than Montreal.Sad but true.Nom nom nom.
I will start by saying that my daughter and I made a special trip to get these bagels fresh in the morning, and I was so disappointed!First of all, weighing in on the bagel debate, I do prefer NY bagels (for which I have also been known to make special pilgrimages).  Montreal's are thinner and somewhat sweet, which is less enjoyable to me.That said, some of the dozen bagels sold to me were actually stale and had to be day old.  The best and freshest was probably the sesame.  However, we decided after trying both St. Viateur and Fairmount, that Montreal bagels are not for us.  I think many Americans who have experienced high-quality bagels in NYC might agree.  Frankly, I can even do better at several places in Boston.Montreal has amazing French food; I guess I don't need it to compete with NY for the Jewish angle.  (I also think Schwartz's is way overrated.)
Fairmount Bagel is absolutely the best bagel I have had all over North America. The crispy outside and delicately soft inside is mouth watering. The bagels are so good I always buy a dozen to bring back to Boston. After you have had these bagels you can't eat another bagel anywhere else. I ONLY eat bagels here and never anyplace else which means I have bagels only about ten to twenty times per yearMy rating is based only on the bagel and not the decor or location.
It opens 24 hours. I got there 1am and had warm, soft, fresh sesame bagels. This yummy comfort food just took me to the the happiest place on earth!
A delightful cross between a New York bagel and a Philly pretzel.  Ask what came freshly out of the oven.  You can't go wrong.  Three per person (under a buck each) is a good snack.
Try one while it's hot
My favourite bagel place in the entire world.  24/7, yo.
We stopped here having heard that "Montreal bagels are the best." Our kids ordered a chococolate and a cinnamon/raisin bagel respectively, with cream cheese, and took them to go. This is a tiny hole in the wall shop, but it was cool to watch the bagels being made behind the counter while we waited. The bagels were less salted than what we were used to, and my son with braces found his harder than he had hoped for (supposed to avoid really crunchy stuff). Will have to try plain or sesame next time.
To be honest, i was expecting a bit more.  It was a no nonsense kind of place where, for the most part it seems that locals order bagels by the dozen to take home.  I ordered the sesame seed bagel with cream cheese.  It was tasty and had a subtle sweetness to it that was a pleasant surprise.  I sat on a bench outside and ate my bagel in the cold of Montreal.  I guess i was just expecting, with all the hype, some kind of ambiance inside where i could sit and relish the best bagel known to man.
My friend and I went here for a late lunch.  It was our first time, so we stuck with the traditional bagels: sesame seed and poppy seed.  We both ordered our bagels with cream cheese and smoked salmon.  A bagle with cream cheese and smoked salmon costs a reasonable $6 Canadian.  Even though we were there at 3 pm in the afternoon, there was still 3-4 people busy making bagels.  (Their website claims that they make bagels 24 hours a day!!!)  The bagels were delicious, lightly toasted, crunchy, and not chewy.  I was happy that that the amount of cream cheese was kept to a minimum; I hate it when workers lather bagels with too much cream cheese.  Delicious!
The bagels are small and not salty enough and definitely do not live up to all the hype and long lines.  It is great to watch them make the bagels as you are in line, however.  The cream cheese they use is much lighter and cheesier than the everyday Philadelphia cream cheese, which is nice.
Somewhat cliche to review Fairmount bagel but it has to be done. We went around 10.30am on a weekday morning and there wasn't a person in sight. Very non-descript place with piles of trays stacked up outside. Apparently they were working on a big Costco order and we could barely move in the small shop front for bags of bagels piled up everywhere. All the flavors were available and we opted for plain, sesame, onion and blueberry. Toasted with cream cheese when we got back home. Amazing. Best bagels ever, hands down, amazing. Thank goodness we can buy them in bags at the local supermarket.
who knew that montreal was the place to go for bagels?
pretty good artisanal charcuterie/deli in la plaza st-hubert that sells mostly pork related items. and most of the items are made in-house like their smoked bacon, sausages (including gluten free ones), boudins and so on.if you have the munchies, they have made to order sandwiches that are good and pretty inexpensive (salami is good but the sausage/sauerkraut sandwich, the better and tastier choice imo) they have other ready to eat meals as well as plenty of frozen goods. their sausages and sandwiches are what i mostly buy from them. they tend to run out of things by sunday though.very friendly helpful staff and owner and great service.price is quite fair.definitely one of the better and popular fixture on la plaza.
St. Hubert street is well known to most Montrealers; it's where you go when you are looking for anything textile related, from fabrics to wedding dresses to couches. I was pleasantly surprised to discover that there are some good foods happening here as well. I was actually shopping for fabrics over at Effiloché one afternoon and spotted La Queue de Cochon (Pig Tail) right at the corner of St. Hubert & Beaubien. At first glance, I thought this place was a café, but a little peak in the window revealed so much more. Once inside, I had to do my very best to reign in my amazement. House-smoked bacon and salmon, sausages, both dried and fresh, and a large variety of prepared food stuffs. I ended up buying the house-smoked bacon, which I candied and made into bacon-bourbon ice-cream! Yummers!
Oh my smoked meat bagel sandwich!  DELICIOUS! First stop in Montreal was for the famous Montreal bagel.. Figured hey I'm hungry why not also try another Montreal staple.. Smoked meat.. And boy do I not regret that decision. My boyfriend ordered the moo moo sandwich which is roast beef, I had a bite and think that the smoked meat is the way to go for sure!  The very helpful waitress suggested that we get our sandwiches with the rosemary and sea salt bagel but then came back apologetically letting us know  that they won't be ready anytime soon... she was genuinely sorry too. There is seating in the place and it is kind of tight.  If you don't want to deal with that there is a to go line. Now the question is NYC bagel or Montreal bagel... Now that's tough.. You try and pick! Because i can't!
It's incredible to see the explosion St-Viateur is having with new locations now found around this city these last few years. This new location is pretty much what I always hoped for. You can have the excellent bagels that you can get from this franchise but now they prepare them for you on the spot so you can eat it there any way you practically want! This is a very welcomed innovation.The bagels are made on the spot... so fresh and warm.... the old Montreal bagel style everyone should try out at least once in their lifetime. The menu is pretty vast considering the amount of ways you can have your bagel prepared. Specialty bagels comes with sides of either soup or salad. Many varieties are given.I went with their BLT bagel and crab salad. Minus a mark for not having any soup available but... it was after all 8 PM. The crab salad was really good so it made up for this shortcoming. The BLT sandwich was excellent as well. I enjoyed my food!The service was very nice and efficient. No issues there as well.I did find the price tag to a bit higher since the sesame bagel by itself is sold for under a dollar but you get all the thrills with your bagel and you know what.... sometimes you have to splurge and go all out.Good times.
Yet another recommendation from Doctor Elsie W. (LifeOnMacro: lifeonmacro.com/2015/12/…). Read it. Trust me.Food: I ordered the omelette poppy seed bagel with pesto and asparagus soup. This totally blew me away. The combination of just the right heat, a soft bagel that tastes slightly sweet (probably due to the honey?) along with a perfectly cooked omelette was the combination of a lifetime. My wife's smoked salmon bagel was also amazing. I wish I had taken the opportunity to buy an extra bagel for $1 for purchasing a set lunch, but I was simply too full at the time to jump on this deal.Service: we were treated spectacularly. Other, more, um, "American" customers appeared to confuse the server by asking for things like Ketchup and hot coffee poured on ice.Decor: think cramped tables in a relatively tiny space. However, we were seated within fifteen minutes even during the brunch rush.There's a good reason that there was a line outside. We hope to be back someday!
We arrived at the shop around noon on a Sunday. Had to wait about 20 minutes in the line. Ordered the original bagel sandwich (salmon and creamed cheese) and bf ordered the sandwich with egg and ham. Super disappointed when.m the sandwich arrived cold. The bagel was hard, cold, and tough, like a piece of stone. It was nothing like a fresh bagel. The service was disappointing as well. In the end, I ordered a fresh bagel, it was very tasty like I remembered. However, it was very hard to believe that I had to ask for a fresh bagel or all you get is a piece of stone. I love their fresh bagels and that is the only reason that they get 3 stars. Otherwise, I would never go back to this cafe again.
Just had the best sesame bagel of my life. Unlike American bagels, these bagels are skinnier (go figure). Fresh batches are being made throughout the day, and you get to see that process in the open kitchen and pick-up area. It's pretty simple. You basically go and order whichever bagel you want. You can get the bagel hot! They don't have as much variety as the competitor two blocks away, but the sesame bagel I had was just phenomenal. You can buy various cream cheeses in a fridge on the side. There are no tables, but a few sacks of flour you can sit on to finish your bagel if the weather is nasty outside. Remember, CASH only. They also deliver, which is probably the best way to get these bagels. If you're visiting, you must try the sesame bagel from here. You won't regret it!
People kept telling me to get a bagel in Montreal. I'm from NY, so I was intrigued. I love myself some bagel with lox. But you know what, after tasting this, I admit... I have no idea what the difference is between a Montreal bagel and a NY one. They all good. So I liked that this was a sit-down cafe and they served bagels with lox. And pretty good coffee. Best bagel ever though? Not sure about that...
Merci to the waitress who gave us the English menus! We had a great lunch, BIG sandwiches stacked with meats and spreads and mugs of inexpensive and delicious coffee, with quick service. An excellent place to chill out during a busy day of touristing.So travel tip: if you're an American traveler with little French, don't be afraid to ask for their English menu.
I seriously thought that Montreal bagels were going to be some overhyped thing that only existed in people's minds. I could not have been so wrong.Once upon a time, I thought there weren't too many differences in bagels. A bagel was a bagel, and as long as it had a little cream cheese (and not too much), it was fine.And then I had a bagel from here. Scratch that, two bagels. I watched the employees work the dough into a circle, dip it in honey water, and throw it in the oven. I watched them artistically slather cream cheese on it (unfortunately I asked for only a little and ended up wiping a lot off) and deliver it to me in a little white paper bag.I loved the thinness of the bagel and its vague sweetness. It's 100% superior to NYC bagels and I really just can't wait to come back to Montreal for its yummy food.I suggest grabbing some bagels from here and eating it at the top of Mount Royal. Watch out for the raccoons.
Came here a little over a month ago when my friends and I were up in Montreal for an extended weekend. All of us are from NYC, so we were skeptical about trying out the main contender to NYC's renowned bagels. In the end, we all surmised that our roots held true and we were still bigger fans of our homegrown bagels, but the Montreal style bagels were still heavy contenders in their own right.Once we arrived at the location, there was a slight queue on which he had to wait on before we could get seated. The wait was pretty short, though, and we were seated just shortly after our arrival to the restaurant. The menu was large and had many options for those that happen to have certain dietary restrictions. I chose the vege deluxe sandwich on a sesame seed bagel with a side of their bean salad. I liked my sandwich a lot and I thought the bagel was good. Slightly chewier and a lot denser than a New York style bagel. Alas, I wish I had tried a plain bagel with cream cheese, but I was happy with my choice. Looks like they also had a load of pastries to choose from, which I sadly did not get to try. I did, however, come back here the morning of my drive back to NYC to pick up some bagels for the road. This place is cash only, unless you have a Canadian debit card. I think it's worth checking out if you happen to be in Montreal and have a hankering for their style of bagels.
The original plan that day was to go to L'Avenue for brunch. When we saw the shockingly long line up for a Monday at noon, we walked onwards to St. Viateur. Food: 1. Club bagel with turkey on rosemary bagel - The rosemary bagel was soooo good. I mean it's expected for a fresh bagel but the rosemary was an unexpected and tasty option that went well for both sandwiches. 2. Tuna on rosemary bagel 3. Chili on the side - Too beany for my liking but still quite flavourful 4. Tuna salad on the side - Massive serving size for a side dish but a tasty option for salad! Overall a really viable option for plateau brunch or lunch anytime!
St-Viateur bagels are without a doubt some of the best bagels on the planet. This restaurant, however, is a complete joke.For starters, we waited 15 minutes before getting up and going to ask for a menu ourselves. We then tried to get one of the three waitresses' attention so we could finally order, but still no luck there. All 4 waitresses on duty while we were there completely ignored us. After almost 20min waiting, I got up to ask a waitress for the menu. Then I had to get up once again to order a coffee, AND to order. So just to recap, not one single waitress came to our table. Oh and I also had to ask for water. Once we finally got our meal, both orders were wrong but we were so hungry that we said we'd just eat and pay. Once we waited so long to ask someone for the bill that I almost got up and walked out of the restaurant. It probably would have gone unnoticed but I just couldn't bring myself to do something like that. Crappy service and a total tourist trap, unfortunately.
I really don't understand why Fairmont Bagel gets the buzz - St-Viateur is where it's at if you want a great bagel, lots of choice in preparations (I had the Plateau - yummy), and a cup of coffee.  They have nice open air seating with the large windows facing the street.  The service was snappy and friendly, and the prices were fine.  Cup of coffee, $2.  Not bad.Tourists - this is your place for an authentic Montreal bagel with delicious fixings!Note - Cash or debit only.
Service was lacklustre. Food was delicious with simple ingredients. All around a good experience at a decent price.Would come back if I were in the neighbourhood.
So I'm on a deserted island for about 3 years, with nothing but coconuts and fish to eat. All of a sudden a sealed bag of fresh Montreal Bagels washes ashore along with a broken bag of stale soggy New York bagels...I will eat the New York Bagels.More like bread, less like bagels. These are probably the best bagels in Montreal, but there is no way in hell you can compare a Montreal bagel to a New York bagel. The bagels in NY have a lightly crisp outer shell with a chewy pullable interior, not as dense as these. They're also bigger and have a fluffy element to them. I won't argue with the history, the smells, the oven or the fact that hand pulled bagels are awesome, but I don't think these bagels are amazing. I'm sorry. It still shouldn't stop you from coming here at least once.
Pricy but delicious- my husband and I split the classic salmon with cream cheese, red onion, capers, and tomatoes and the smoked meat sandwiches on whatever bagel was hot- which turned out to be sesame. These definitely aren't as big or chewy as NY/NJ bagels, but they were good. Located about a 5 minute walk from the Metro.
Came here for brunch when my mom was in town, and we shared the salmon bagel with artichoke salad, and we also got an extra cinnamon raisin bagel on the side. Highly recommend the classic sesame bagel with salmon and cream cheese! The bagels were fresh, so delicious and warm! You can also buy bagels to go!
Great bagels that are softer almost a pretzel like texture. Service is so so.
I just can't get into the Montreal bagel. I've lived in NYC for almost 7 years now and I'm convinced the NYC bagel is superior. I've been to St Viateur and Fairmount now... the Montreal bagel is smaller and doughier than the NYC bagel. Also neither of these shops had fresh cream cheese. Your only option is the same Philadelphia cream cheese in a plastic tub that you can find anywhere. The bagels are cheap. It's kinda cool seeing the oven in the back.
After a weekend of craft beer, poutine, and foie gras hangovers, breakfast here was the right choice. My dining partner got the WOW! bagel sandwich which he ordered on a multigrain bagel. Spicy eggplant, sundried tomatoes, and a half inch thick slice of rich local goat cheese smothered in pesto. The side salad of artichoke hearts was acidic and delicious as well. He proclaimed it the, "perfect pre-flight meal" that would carry him through the day of traveling ahead. I went basic. An all-dressed (everything) bagel. Toasted and served with rich, yet light and whipped in texture, sundried tomato cream cheese. The chewy bagel, fresh fruit, and cup of coffee was the remedy needed to get me going this Sunday morning. Service was a little slow, but so was I this morning. I hear they deliver to the United States. I'm a fan of the smaller, wood-fired, Montréal bagel so I'll probably be placing an order for shipment sometime soon. Yum.
I had read so many reviews about this place before I left for my weekend to Montreal, i had even decided what I wanted to try.... The smoked salmon of course!And yet when I got there and was waiting in line to be seated I found myself questioning my choice. I was so tempted but the other options. After half an hour I finally decided I wanted the Milano (Sausage and peppers). As we place our order I can't help but ask the waitress what her preference is (I do this too often!) and she says 'Smoked Salmon!' and so last minute I change to order to the salmon. The rest of the table tried the Milano (ok.. not their best), Spicy Eggplant (really good) and the chicken (I didn't try that). I think its safe to say that my Salmon won hands down followed by the Eggplant. I could clearly see why so many people have reviewed it. The smoked salmon was really good (a bit too much cream cheese for me, but you can easily scrape some off). Bagels are not my favourite but i wouldn't mind trying this place again :)
Came here on Sunday, very crowded, better to just get takeout and eat at the parkI got the veggie -which had a great inclusion of white/green asparagus, broccoli and all types. The problem was the sauce was either mayo or pesto, and neither were able to stand up against the bagel. It needed cream cheese. Badly. My side salad of artichoke hearts was generous.My husband got the WOW. the sundried tomatoes gave great flavor, but there wasn't enough. The pickled eggplant didn't have much of a taste.The traditional was great. Everything you want in smoked salmon/onion bagel. THe only thing is that the capers were only in the middle, which made the flavors very uneven.The bagels were awesome. Especially the sesame. There were so many sesame seeds, that it made a really great texture and crunch for each bite. THe rosemary bagel was underwhelming.The crab salad -unnecesary. Lots of imitation crab and celery. too muchThe oven inside is great to watch
It's not quite the authentic experience that getting the bagels directly from the bakery is, but the café is a reasonable alternative that carries plenty of options for you to enjoy some of the best bagels Montreal has to offer. Be warned that the lineup to get in can get pretty long on weekends and, in turn, the servers often seem rushed and irritated. Still worth checking out at least once, though.
I went to the location on Avenue Mont Royal Est.  This is a great, lively place to come for lunch while in the Plateau district. There aren't many tables, so you may find yourself waiting for 10 to 20 minutes. Once you order food, it comes pretty fast. The fake crab salad is awesome. "Salad de goberge" in Québécois ..A lot of Food businesses and cafes in this area pride themselves on offering St-Viateur Bagels.
Such a great bagel place! I have heard so much about Montreal bagels and how they are different from NYC bagels. I was very pleased and surprised with how much I loved these bagels! It definitely lives up to the hype! You are able to sit down and enjoy your bagel at this location. You can see where they cook their bagels also. I ordered the sesame bagel with lox and other toppings with a side salad. It was soft and chewy. I've noticed it was also a bit sweet but still so good! I wish this was much closer to me or else I would make the journey to Montreal for these bagels!!
This review is for the bagels only, as I have not had a meal here, yet. I always head to this bakery for bagels when I'm in Montreal (usually after brunch at L'Avenue Cafe).  The bagels are as fresh as it gets, and you can see them being made in front of your eyes.  Because the different flavours are made in batches, don't be surprised if they run out of a popular flavour.  If you're willing to wait another 20 minutes, it's likely you'll be getting a fresh batch when they replenish the flavours.  Cash only.  A crucial step is they pack the bagels in paper bags so they can cool off and the moisture is not trapped. A nice touch is providing enough bagel bags for storage later!  Worth the drive from Toronto to Montreal :)
Best fresh, consumed on the premise. Since we live out of town, we stock up until our next visit.
If you need more than just the best bagels in the world to take away, the St Viateur Cafe has cafe fare to fill you up and bagels cooked on site in the wood fired oven. Watching the cooking process is amazing and not to be missed. Stay true to form and get the classic sesame. I try being creative and always wish I had stuck with tradition. Although the bio multigrain looked tempting...
Excellent bagels and coffee. Yes, the bagels are slightly sweeter then I'm used to but perfectly chewy as a bagel should be. I especially like the way the sesame seeds completely cover the entire bagel and how the poppy seeds are only on one corner as if dipped into a cup of coffee.My only dissatisfaction with this location is the sugar and cream station for dolling up your to go coffee. It is located right by the cash register and there is barely room to take care of business. This café could learn something from 2nd Cup which has a very roomy area for fixin your coffee.
Friends were telling me about this place and how great Montreal bagels are supposed to be.  I ordered the smoked salmon and smoked meat bagels. Now I am going to say the food tasted fine.  I'd even go as far to say very enjoyable. Having said that, I wouldn't say this place was out of this world delicious. It was just a pretty good local breakfast spot that is reliably going to satisfy you just not blow your mind. Just be warned that if you wanted a place to sit in during the morning, the line to be seated was quite long.
This was a nice breakfast stop for lox and bagels one morning. The bagels are made fresh by the minute and while they are different than New York bagels less chewy, smaller and a bit sweeter, they are very good. No complaints about the lox or the cream cheese other that to say that there was way to much cream cheese on the bagel, minor scraping fixed that issue. Our breakfast came with combination salad consisting of three bean salad, pasta salad and seafood crab salad, a nice touch and quite good, a fruit cup was thrown in for good measure. The over all experience was very good so why only three stars, well to be honest my favorite place for lox and bagels is Ruebens Deli downtown; maybe, just maybe they serve Fairmount Bagels, I'm not sure but it is my preference when lox and bagels is on the radar.
Very busy place, be prepared to wait.It is one of the goto places in Montreal and the bagels and choice of bagels is awesome.Service is fast, efficient and bilingual :-)
Me:  "Do you mind if we just spend part of a day in Montreal eating croissants and macarons?"Him:  "That's fine, but I'm going to want to eat REAL food at some point."Enter:  St-Viateur!I'm salivating right now thinking about the Rosemary & Sea Salt bagels.  When in Montreal, you are a fool to not try at least one bagel.  The only exception is if you have a gluten allergy, but it still might be worth it.*The Rosemary & Sea Salt bagel, served with a generous cup of plain cream cheese, is something I thought only existed in the dreams of people who love cheese + carbs.  The bagel had a much more crunchy and chewy texture than lame American bagels, which are often too dense and bread-like.The Sesame bagels are also good.  My husband ordered the Omerta, an Italian sandwich on a bagel, and that kept him full awhile as I cruised the area later sampling croissants and macarons.  The bagels with cream cheese are perfect for breakfast, but the sandwiches are definitely ideal for a substantial lunch.The Caramel Praline coffee is as good as it sounds too.St-Viateur sells bagels and cream cheese to-go, but like other fresh bakery items, the bagels won't last forever.  Since we were on vacation, my storage options were limited so they sat in the paper bag on a countertop.  I purchased four bagels to go (figuring breakfast for the next two mornings), and the last two were hard and difficult to slice.  We still ate them, and they tasted good, and obviously the staleness was MY fault.  They also take orders online and will ship to your home, how awesome is that?  Seeing as they will hold up during shipping, ask them at the shop how to best store your bagels.The service was fine.  It was very busy, so we weren't doted on, but we weren't completely ignored either.  We were able to enjoy our meal without feeling rushed.*I'm not a doctor.  Choose wisely.
as a new yorker its hard to say this, but the best bagels are Montreal's. we've had "Montreal" bagels before with the honey water in Oakland and Vancouver but it was never like this. i compare it to "NY" bagels or pizza in California, its good but the best and most authentic is still in NY.  it was so amazing that we came back a second time and took 15 back with us, three we ate in the plane and the dozen we froze.what makes Montreal bagels different from its NY counterpart is the honey water and shape. texture and density of the inner dough is very similar, and like the NY bagel it can be as rewarding just on its own. just like my post of Schwartz deli vs. Katz deli, we just had a NY bagel and bialy the day before so it was still fresh in our mind and palate. what we came away with was, we wouldn't mind either if we had to choose just one, but a slight edge goes to Montreal.
Oh man I totally understand the argument between those from Montreal and New York on which city has the best bagels.    I am a sucker for bagels and the seemingly endless possibilities for toppings. I had to try the sesame bagel. I topped it with regular cream cheese, tomatoes, cucumber, and red onion. I really enjoyed my bagel and even my hubs who isn't the biggest fan of bagels loved them.    The difference between these bagels and all the other bagel shops in the city is that they are fresh from the oven. it really adds to the flavor of the bagel, it had a great crust and a delightful chewy center while still being somewhat fluffy.       If I could have managed it I would have sent some back home to enjoy at a later date. Yet I'm sure I would have ended up eating them before I even made it to the airport. I highly recommend everyone try a bagel from Montreal and judge for yourself who has a better bagel.
Their cream cheeses are very good but bagels are nothing special. After my family paid for our meal the waitress chases after me asking for more tip. I didn't know what happened but asked for more money because her tip wasn't "enough". I gave her extra not knowing the entire situation until learning later she was already given tip. Seriously you get what you get based on how the payee feels about your service. W-O-W!
I'm not sure what to say about this place... The bagels were ok... I love the fact that you can watch them being made so you know they're gonna be fresh. I felt like they kind of lacked the flavor I was craving though. The staff was interesting, I found that when I walked in they were all standing around talking and I had a weird suspicion they were talking about me... Maybe I'm paranoid but it's just how it felt. I do love the plateau area though!!
I almost feel like I should give this place 4 stars, because it was really cool to see the  way they produce these bagels in what appeared to be a giant slim pizza oven.    I would definitely check this place out if you are in the area just to see the production of the bagels.As for the food though, which is what its all really about, the bagel that they gave us was cold and too dense.  It wasn't terrible, but the one's we had at Fairmount were much better.      Maybe their bagels are normally better:   maybe it was just bad timing, or maybe we needed to request one fresh out of the oven....but, I've got to grade it on what we had, and given that the bagel just A-OK, I've got to go with a 3star review of this place.
Amazing Bagel, and cute-trendy St-Viateur Bagel and Cafe experience.  I took the Metro stop Mount-Royal, and started walking. The neighbourhood started getting sketchy and I realized I was walking in the wrong direction. Exit Metro to the right not left and the Bagel Cafe is a few blocks down.    Some patrons were enjoying their breakfasts , lattes, and teas in the open windows so it's like an indoor/outdoor patio. It was very welcoming. The waiter told us to sit wherever we'd like and handed us a couple menus. He also asked if we wanted coffee. Everything looked soo delicious. There's a blackboard menu offering cooling drinks, and a salad bar where they have the Bagel toppings and side displayed.    Behind the salad bar case is the wood burning brick oven where they make the Bagels Fresh. Such a fun process to watch, the dough is formed, dipped in honey water, sprinkled with poppy, sesame seeds, or 'all-dressed' and put in the Hot pit and then flipped and removed for Fresh Eating..mmm. My fiancé chose a bagel Sandwich with an omelette and Ham, and chose the side of Fruit salad that came in a nice glass cup. He ate it up, and proceeded to order a sesame bagel toasted with cream cheese. It came cut in half toasted, then sliced in half (4 pieces on the plate), and a side cup of cream cheese, was more than enough for his bagel.  I ordered the Smoked Meat Sandwich and side salad. The smoked meat was plentiful ( came with a huge shmear-knife through it) and delicious. It came with mustard and cut pickles in side cups. The Salad was fantastic! It was baby greens and had plentiful Olives, thin sliced onion, tomato, and the house dressing was the best I've had! A nice horseradish bite to it it complimented the Smoked Meat perfectly and my man had some bites and was Jealous!Cool atmosphere here. The ceilings have than tin-tile look to it. There are flat screen tv's and I got to watch some Pink Panther cartoons- fun.  They also had Art for sale on the brick wall.   The service was good, nothing to complain about, just that you can tell they def don't overstaff here. You pay at the Cash, put your Tips back on the table.I would come back here in a heartbeat. The food Delish and the coffee was full of refills, we left very happy. I don't see how everyone's saying this place is expensive??  It's all you can drink coffee, Stuffed Bagel sandwich , and with sides..come on!
My wife and I were going to eat brunch at Restaurant l'avenue but didn't want to stand in line for an hour (if we were lucky) so we walked down the street and happened upon this bagel cafe. It was definitely the right choice because these bagels are delicious. I am from NY and I know from bagels and these are the real deal!
When I heard that Montreal was in the business of making good bagels I was excited to try it out and see if they could give New York a run for their money. Well they don't not even close. The dough is like sweet, texture is fine but the taste is "Meh" I have had a better bagel from a grocery store. Also the topping options were just weird. I stuck to the standard lox option but my friend ordered something with eggplant on it and she basically didn't eat any of it.
Nice spot .  Friendly staff and very attentive.  Love the bagels.  Cash only though.  Can get a bit busy at peak times
Was just trying to decide what we wanted via window browsing. The person manning the shop tapped the window with her knife and "shooed" us away. Although I heard this place was good, I will not be going here simply from the rude and potentially discriminatory customer service.
Texture and freshness-wise, I can see how many people would rave about the quality of these bagels, even hold them above New York's.  However I've got to confess, I never was big on the "chewy style" bagel of days gone by, preferring the harder shell, softer interior, dough-risen fluffy kind.  What's more, St-Viateur uses less salt, which was noticeable to me, although others might prefer this.  Had I had it with lox, perhaps I would not have noticed.  All in all, this is a must stop for those hitting the points of interest, culinary or otherwise, in Montreal.  It is mandatory for official bagel eaters who would compare and contrast. The service was friendly and efficient.  I would go again.
As much as it hurts to say it, it must be said, Montreal has better bagels that New York.St Viateur's bagels shut me up. They were perfectly soft and chewy and partnered up with smoked salmon it was just killer. This spot is very cute and very packed. Come early or be prepared to wait. Don't worry, its worth it. Also know that if you are getting bagels to go there's a different line for that.
I had the Chicken on Sesame Seed Bagel with side of Beef Barley Soup. I love the toasted crispy bagel with hint of sweetness and fragrant sesame. Chicken was plain so I had to spread a lot of mayo. Soup was packed with barley and veggies - hearty and delicious! I also tried a bit of Moo Moo (roast beef) and Montreal Smoked Meat - good with mustard! A cute little cafe, very packed, and I love how you can see them make the bagels fresh in store!
So, unfortunately my lack of stars reflects the service, not the food- but only because the awful attitude we received truly made it hard to enjoy my bagel. Being from the US and knowing no French, we accidentally ordered bagels at the to-go counter and then wished to sit down. When we asked for plates, we got such a sigh and eye roll. We weren't trying to avoid a fee, tipping, or cheat the system. We were simply mistaken, and had we been corrected we'd have been happy to correct whatever it was that had upset this waitress so much.  Instead, we were given plates and knives with disdain and felt awkward as we tried to enjoy our bagels.Trust me, I would have preferred my bagel toasted! Had I understood how things worked I would have done it right. I would encourage staff to be a bit more patient. We never got any explanation of how to get seated service, so we were at a loss.Bottom line: for those who want the full bagel experience and are from out of town, don't walk up to the to-go counter by accident! However, I'll be darned if I know what you're SUPPOSED to do! Someone local might want to chime in and let those pesky tourists know! We'd love to be in the loop!
I was never a bagel fan, but this place reminds me of why bagel is famous and loved by a lot of people. It smells heavenly, especially the plain sesame one! It was very cool to be able to see the whole thing happening at the back of the café, honey-dipped, hand rolled and wood fired, so so special! I ended up buying 2 dozens for my folks in Toronto, and they all enjoyed it! If only I can have this fresh all the time in Toronto!
So good! It's been more than a month since my last visit to St. Viateur and I still dream about these bagel sandwiches and the delicious [imitation] crab salad. Why must you be so far, Montreal? Tip 1: Split the lox because one entire order of it may get a little bleh. (Between the three of us, we shared the lox and the turkey club, which was out of this world!)Tip 2: The all-dressed bagel is the absolute best.
I actually had to google how bagels in Montreal were made because I could not believe how awesome they were after I ate here.  A few years ago, I had Fairmount, and loved it, but can't really compare because of the time lapse.I had about five bagels (yes, i realize i looked like a typical gluttonous american tourist, but i didn't have a lil bag on my waist)  and found they taste great plain, which, in my opinion, is a true measure of quality.  The only thing i noticed the popeye bagels must have been fresh out of the oven because they were very warm, where the others weren't.  I preferred the warm ones, but by no means didn't like the others.
Canadian Bagels are definitely a bit different than what I am used to eating. They are definitely flatter and lighter. Not exactly a bad thing, but they were a bit underwhelming.The place itself is a great stop if you want to grab a coffee and bite to eat. They have a large menu & wide selection of choices. I would say it's a bit on the pricey side for what it truly is, but they definitely do a lot of business here.I guess I am in the minority here given the other reviews, but had I not been staying right near this place I probably wouldn't have come here as much as I did.
Delicious bagels! The staff were fun and easy going. I loved the rosemary bagel...reminded me of foccacia.
The service is so bad that I actually have to write a review for the first time in my life. My boyfriend and I came all the way from Toronto and after some research we discovered that this was one of the must try's in Montreal. The moment we stepped into the place, nobody came to greet us even after we roamed around the place trying to find a good spot as we thought it was a self serve place. We found a 4 seat table and decided to take it as we have some bags with us (there were 2 other 4 seaters that were occupied only by 2 people). The waiter who seemed like the boss rushed over and told us to move to the 2 seater beside it (in an unwelcoming manner). We sat down for literally a minute, he came over to take our order, and my boyfriend told him we weren't ready. He came back in three minutes and we were clearly not ready, my boyfriend ordered since he seemed very pushy and I was still deciding. He just stood there even when I told him I wasn't sure. A normal response would've been  "Take your time", "I'll be right back", or "Let me know when you are ready". Just to clarify, the place wasn't even busy at all. There were at least 5 empty tables. I was so rushed that I actually just picked something random. Five minutes later, my boyfriend asked which bagel I picked and I told him I didn't pick anything. We realized that the waiter didn't even ask. I came up to him and asked him which bagel he picked for us and all he said was oh just regular sesame bagel because you didn't tell me. I didn't know what to say after his response. It was the waiter's job to ask (unless the menu specified that if you didn't notify the server of your preference, it would automatically be sesame bagel). After we were done our meals, my boyfriend took out his card and placed it on the table, not knowing that we had to go up to the cashier to pay. The waiter didn't bother to let us know even though we sat right next to his station and he was just basically chatting and had definitely noticed that we were ready to pay. After 10 mins, we got up to pay (realized that we had to pay at the front) and went back to our table to put on our jackets and were ready to leave, the server never said a word to us. (WE SAT NEXT TO HIM!!!!!) Not even a goodbye. This experience was definitely one of a kind, the kind that would make you never want to return. P.s. the food was meh, the toppings seemed like the ones you could buy at a supermarket. Bagel was definitely better than Tim Hortons, but nothing spectacular.
I was skeptical after walking almost 2 miles from our hotel that we would find a bagel that would blow our minds but lo-and-behold, our minds were B-L-O-W-N from something as simple and humble as a sesame bagel straight from the oven.Being newbies, we asked what everyone ordered and the answer was "sesame" and there was a pile of them coming out of the oven with just a slight hint of burn and crisp. You pick up a few single serving Philadelphia cream cheese pads from the fridge and pay less than a buck for a fresh bagel.The warmth of the bagel combined with just the right amount of chew puts any west coast US bagel to shame. We made a mistake of ordering some raisin bagel which was from a pile that was obviously out much longer so that one was a bit harder and colder and more normal.Both my SO and I agreed that we could've eaten a few more of those bagels each.
Coming from New York City, this reminded me of an old-fashioned NYC-style bagel spot - lots of bagels, no frills, no add-ons, although you can purchase cream cheese/lox/butter in family-style quantities, just like at a grocery store.  I thought the bagels were good and served a bit warm, which I enjoyed.
Real star of the place was the (locally imported) crack in a cup smoked salmon cream cheese spread.Bagels were perfectly toasted and complemented well, but honestly I could've dipped a dried up piece of sponge in the salmon cream cheese and it would've tasted orgasmic.
Not a bad place for lunch, although ironically I think their poppy seed bagel was the weakest part of my meal. I had the "Omertà" bagel sandwich with a cup of vegetable soup, and bagels aside, both were pretty good. The sandwich was essentially an Italian cold cut topped high with fresh meats and cheeses. The bagel only got in the way of the flavor and tasted just like plain toasted bread.It's also a bit pricey, with most bagel sandwiches hovering around the $10 mark. The apple cinnamon cream cheese I sampled was very good, but I'm not sure it nor the sandwiches merit a return visit given the cost.
ok. nice food but again the waitress.  our order came late, we were asked to tip her several times (this is really bothering), and no credit cards, can debits only and so an so. too many negative things in a place.. sorry I would never try this place again
Cute little place for breakfast/lunch! We came for breakfast on a Tuesday morning and there were still a good amount of people in there. I imagine the place is packed on the weekends, so plan accordingly. We got a table by the window/front of the store, so it was nice to basically be sitting outside and enjoy our food.- Smoked meat sandwich on a sesame bagel: Tasty, but the mustard could be better.- Sesame bagel with sun dried tomato cream cheese and fresh tomatoes: Could really taste the freshness of the bagel since I didnt get a massive sandwich, but the bagel is a little skimpy- I was tempted to order another bagel because although I was full enough, I wasnt completely satisfied.- Chai tea latte: a little too milky for my taste, as the chai flavor wasnt strong enough- Regular brewed coffee: Not too strong, not too weak. We like our coffee REALLY strong, which their is not, but also not watered down or weak. Good place to go and enjoy a relaxing breakfast. Good service, decent food. But definitely not waiting in a long line for.
Everyone told me that Montreal is famous for its smoked meat and its bagels. And that St. Viateur is *the* place to go for bagels. Well, they were right about the bagels. While it's not "New York" flavor, it's "New York" style. Slightly crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. It's not better than New York (I don't want a New Yorker to whack me), it's just different. Slightly smaller and maybe slightly sweeter.I took the Métro to Mont Royal station and walked the few blocks over to here. Nice neighborhood that felt rather "Greenwich Village" in the daytime, I wouldn't worry about it.Greeted in French, but I was able to order in English without difficulty. Free wi-fi.
St-Viateur was the clear winner when I decided to try both theirs and Fairmount's bagels. I played it safe and got a sesame bagel and the herb and garlic cream cheese with tomato slices. This is my favourite way to eat bagels.Our server brought it all over to the table with a heaping dish of cream cheese. At first I laughed and wondered how anyone would ever manage to eat that much cream cheese in one setting... and then I ate it all.It was delicious and chewy and perfectly toasted. I probably could have eaten about 3 more plates it was so good.
Can't stop thinking about those bagels.It's true, a born and raised New Yorker can fall in love with a bagel that is not made in NY. I was truly skeptical but went for the classic sesame bagel with smoked salmon (aka lox) and cream cheese (aka - a shmear). A little onion, some capers and a sandwich that just makes you go, ahhhhhhh!!The trick is the bagels are boiled in honey water and baked in a wood-fired oven. This gives the sweet taste and toasty like outer crust.Can't wait to go back to Montreal for more bagels (or I just may order some from the website).I'm not saying better than NY bagels, just that they are great on their own and very different from NY bagels.
New York is overrated.  Chicago deep dish pizza is better.  The Empire State Building has long been surpassed as the tallest building.  The "NY" Jets and "NY" Giants don't even play in the state.  And of course, Montreal bagels are better than the ubiquitous New York bagels.For the bagels alone, St-Viateur deserves four stars - the standard sesame and poppy seed ones are both good.  Smaller, denser, sweeter, and honeyed, these gentle bagels won't beat you up and rob you on the subway ride home.The extra star is for letting the Obnoxious Camera-toting American Tourist take a picture behind the counter holding the wooden bagel peel next to the wood-fire oven.  Try doing that in New York City.
Friendly service and tasty bagels. They give you plenty of cream cheese for all (5) bagel quarter slices that they give you.
VERY disappointed. Visited to get a bagel to go (after buying their bagels ever since I moved to Montreal this was a no brainer ). Unfortunately, after waiting at least 5 minutes trying to get an employees attention(at least 15 people working) once I asked an employee to get a bagel to go they responded by yelling "tabernack!" To my face 3 times. Left immediately. Never going back.
So cool watching the bagels being cooked in the giant open oven.Ordered bagels to go, including cinn-raisin and rosemary/sea salt. Employees were super friendly and patient with our futile attempt at speaking French.
Perfect bagels - a must try. Came for breakfast on a Monday after Osheaga, so I know they were pressed for service, being busier than was probably expected. Despite that, the staff were incredibly kind. Our food was wonderful, and we all ordered 1/2 dozens of bagels to take home. The gentleman working at the bagel-to-go counter was wonderful! He even went along with my attempt to make a joke in my broken French.
I hate to complain about a local place when everything food-wise was great, but I simply could not let this issue slide.I was at the St Viateur cafe on Mont Royal this morning around 9:30am with a friend of mine visiting from out of town.After we were done our breakfast, he went up to pay at the cash register and came back to the table with the change (it was about 9,50$ in change from 40$). He put down the tip (about 15%, which was fair given that our server only refilled our coffee once even though only 4 tables were occupied and she overfilled his cup and shrugged instead of apologizing).Like many people, I don't like my tip sitting there looking all obvious while I am still finishing my last sips of coffee before leaving, so we put the tip money beside the plate that I had just finished eating from. As we were walking out of the restaurant, the waitress stopped me and said very loudly "You know...tip is not included in the bill...". I was taken aback. One, she said this loud enough so that my friend heard as well as the table that was directly beside where I was standing.Tipping is actually optional, not mandatory, but that is beside the point; we did tip: 15% and had she been paying attention and not jumping to conclusions, she would have easily seen this tip sitting right there, all ready for her.You can bet that I will never be bringing any clients, friends or anyone by this establishment again. I am not sure if this is just a jaded server or what, but her behaviour was completely unacceptable, uncalled for and downright rude.
With a few locations in town, I personally always frequent the St. Viateur Ouest shop. It's iconically Montreal and always jam packed. Be prepared to queue up and get your bagels quickly. if you're driving, you can run back to the car with your bagels and have a bite... No place to sit which is a bit junky.Travelling by metro (Mont-Royal) this time, this was my first visit to a St-Viateur Café. First and foremost, who doesn't love the Plateau? Such a great neighbourhood with a ton on the go. I don't need to sing the praises of these bagels. They are the best. SO YUMMY. The perfect amount of sweetness, density and chewiness. The café concept means bagel sammies, salads and coffee. The idea of picking up a dozen bagels and then sitting with a freshly made bagel is pretty awesome. My sesame bagel was perfect and piping hot with first bite. I had a piece of my friends cinnamon raisin bagel and you could smell the cinnamon. Awesome!Any good visitor to 514 should bring these bagels back to family and friends. Do it. You'll be loved forever.
Most amazing bagel I've ever had!! First time having the Montreal style bagel that has no salt and a bit of honey in the dough, which is poached in honey water then baked in a wood fire oven. The bagel is super crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside and not dry at all. I prefer the smaller size compared to NY style bagels too.  At St-Viateur I tried a turkey bagel sandwich and a bagel with just smoked salmon spread and the smoked salmon one was definitely the winner by far. I think I could use that spread on any bread and make it taste good and it was truly heavenly paired with the toasted sesame bagel. The turkey bagel sandwich was good but probably would tasted much better if the turkey and cheese were warm and melted.Overall, I highly recommend this place to anyone visiting Montreal!
I was told I had to have a Montreal bagel and this was the place. I agree, the bagel was great and the slight sweetness from being boiled with honey was there and it was nice. But, there were a few things lacking. The service was slow and the food took quite a while to arrive. I thought the menu needed more options other than sandwiches, salads, and bagels with spreads. I wanted to really try a bagel, so not in a sandwich, but if I did that my options were slim. To me a great bagel/breakfast place has plates with eggs and meat and a bagel instead of toast. I looked at the menu and tried to put that together, but I couldn't. All in all, I thought the bagel was very good, but it was not the spotlight when it's holding together a sandwich. There was no way I could have eaten the extra bagel you can order with the sandwich for $0.95.
Pains me to admit it but Montreal has the best bagels, better than Ess-a, better than H&H. Crazy right?This place is very Ess-a-bagel-esque, minimalist in presentation, delicious in taste, a no frills mouth adventure.Montreal is surprisingly also very good for, steak, smoked meats, maple syrup and turning out TV show hosts. Do not ever take the train there from Manahattan, you will die!
Had a toasted everything bagel with smoked salmon.The bagel was different from NY bagels. Much lighter.Nice side of fruit to go with it. Friendly atmosphere.Small inside so there might be a wait at busier times.They have take-out also.
I'd come to this bagel shop expecting some kind of magical Canadian bagel...not sure why my expectations were so high, but I didn't get that. Instead I ate slightly underwhelming bagels. I ate here three times since it was right below the apt I rented for my stay in Montreal. The bagels in this shop are fine--slightly more petite than the bagels I typically buy at ess-a-bagel in NYC. I ate sesame bagels all 3 times, with jam one morning, unsalted butter (wish it was salted) on another, and cream cheese/lox/capers on the other occasion. The lox player also came w a choice of salad (green, pasta, 3 bean) for around $11. I didn't need a salad at 8am, but when in Rome?The cafe itself was cozy, coffee was caffeinated and the staff was friendly enough. If you find yourself in the Le Plateau area, swing by.
St Viateur Bagel & Cafe is my Bagel stop # 2.This location is not really on my list of must visit list... but while I was strolling down Mont-Royal.. my Yelp Friend just stopped and point... and yes I know why I am here..2 Free Bagels from the coupon book of Montreal Tourism's Sweet Deal offers which can only redeem at this location.I ran in and show my coupon to the cashier and he just gave me 2 sesames bagels which came out right from the oven.Free is good... Free is sweet... This is the biggest St Viateur location I been too, since it has a sit down area if you want to order food to eat in. Maybe next time...
We sat down here and split a bagel with cream cheese. It was tasty ... we're used to NYC bagels, and comparing them to Montreal bagels is comparing apples to oranges. Montreal bagels are sweet and dense. I'm glad I tried it. I'm just not used to this kind of bagel. Plus the price was pretty high for one bagel and two hot drinks. Service was very friendly.
I agree with the overall four star rating for St. Viateur bagels. The food was excellent. We got the "all-dressed" bagel (aka everything) with smoked salmon, tomato, cream cheese , onion lemon and capers. I read some of the reviews that compared this to NY bagels and I actually preferred Montreal bagels. You should know going in they'll be a little different. Flatter and a little less doughy, but the favors were as good if not better than ones from NY. I highly recommend the smoked salmon as well. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was that the service was slightly below average.
Best bagels in Montreal. Try to get here when the bagels are hot out of the oven. It's something every bagel lover needs to experience at least once.
Had the Club Bagel with a tossed salad. The salad isnt worth mentioning, but the sandwich was AWESOME. It was stuffed with smoked turkey and other toppings. The bagel was chewy, light and thin. We had a table near the open window at the Mont Royal location. It was a beautiful day and we got to enjoy a pitcher of sangria for $20 with our meal....The service was fast, bilingual and friendly. Would definately make the trip back if Im in Montreal again.
I'm an American who studied and lived in Montreal for 5 years and will take a Montreal bagel over a NY one any day. Don't get me wrong - I love NY bagels, but there's something about Montreal-style bagels that are just amazing. Anyway, I digress. If you simply want to get a freshly made bagel to go, I would recommend going to any of the St. Viateur bagel factory shops instead. If you want to sit down and enjoy a delicious bagel sandwich with a side salad and maybe a cappuccino, then definitely come to this cafe instead. Do catch the attention of one of the servers first, and she/he will sit you. Make sure you have cash on hand, as this place only accepts cash now. There are a couple of banks nearby, so you can withdraw some beforehand. Highly recommended stop when visiting Montreal.
Not as good as bagels from H&H or Murray's in New York. Honestly, they just aren't.They ARE perfectly fine and yummy with cream cheese. Make sure you get them hot and fresh from the oven and buy them from the bagel window, not the regular cafe counter. The latter charges $3.50 for a bagel with cream cheese. At the counter, a bagel is around 70 cents and you can buy a tub of cream cheese for two bucks. I made the mistake of paying the exorbitant price at the to-go cafe side--big mistake! Wish they made it more clear about the price difference :/The bagels are small compared to NY bagels too. I bought two (one plain, one sesame). Skip the iced coffee at this place--pretty mediocre. I'll be trying Fairmont before I leave Montreal to compare the two!
Deliciousness! Came here after reading an article in the National Geographic and it really is incredible. Cozy atmosphere, super nice wait staff (who are bilingual by the way), and yummy food.I ordered the traditional bagel - which is smoked salmon, cream cheese, onions and capers - on a poppy seed bagel. Also got a moccachino which was so smooth and not too sweet. This was definitely worth the extra drive to sit at the cafe instead of the other stores where you can only buy the bagels to go.
I love love love Montreal bagels! Although I have no comparison to other Montreal bagel shops like Fairmount, these bagels are amazing! Hands down their bagels surpass NYC bagels. (Yes I know I can't believe I'm saying this!) Especially when the bagels are straight from the oven, they are so delicious! Bagels are super soft in the center but has a nice, slight crisp on the edges. Their bagels satisfy you without feeling full or overloaded with carbs. I didn't sit down at the cafe but instead went to the take out counter to buy a half dozen bagels.  This location is in the Plateau neighborhood which is perfect, since you can take your bagels to go and eat it at La Fontaine park. I will be so happy if and when they open a location in NYC!
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT!!!! The bagels are amazing! I've never actually sat down and had a meal at this place but the dishes that were going out to tables as I was ordering my bagels looked delish!
I literally ran for these bagels, from de Bleury and Sherbrooke through the park to the cafe on Avenue du Mt. Royal. Bought bagels and walked back to hotel. And I'd do it again for the love of sesame.
I loved the everything bagel. When we walked in the waitress explained the procedure for us. We talked to the cashier a little. I loved the pesto cream cheese. I wish I thought to buy half a dozen to bring back to the states.
So good!! But hard to park in downtown Montreal
Can't complain.  While $11 for a roast beef sandwich and a cup of soup seemed a bit steep, I learned on this trip to Montreal that there isn't much cheaper to be found in the city, and at least the quality of the ingredients seemed on par with the price.  In any case, there are many cafes around that have both good free wifi and solid food, so St. V is commendable on that front.
Best begal anywhere. I just brought my Toronto customer there and many others from all over the world who all have loved the bagels. I have brought them to china and they just love them too...A must stop when in Montreal.....
Definitely the best place to enjoy a bagel in Montreal! The bagels are super fresh. Great service and great atmosphere! Their lattes are just as good as the ones I had in Italy.
I'm missing Montreal bagels already :(We made sure to visit this location specificially because it has a cafe and we could sit and eat.  It was nicely full on a Friday morning. The hostess/waitress sat us immediately but was a bit slow to return to take our order.I had the veggie bagel sandwich, the husband had the lox and cream cheese sandwich. The artichoke salad that came with my sandwhich was huge! I couldn't eat it all. the sandwich it self was great. Seattle only has Eltana that serves Montreal style bagels... psst... St. Viateur move on in and get started!!
Bagels, Bagels and More Bagels!  When you are in Montreal, you must try a Montreal bagel!  St-Viateur is one of the known bagel places in the city and my SO and I happenned to stumble across one of their locations in the Mont Royal area.  We picked up a dozen bagels ($7), 6 sesame and 6 poppy seed.  The best part was they packed freshly baked sesame bagels in our dozen.  This St-Viateur location has a sit down area where you can grab some eats and coffee.  The food looked good and the place was packed.  Looks like I might have to come back and try out their menu.Make St-Viateur your bagel stop whenever you are in Montreal.
Well, First off, I'd like to say I've been wanting to try the Montreal style bagel since I've heard about it. Eating bagels from NYC and NJ I have to say i've been pretty spoiled. With that aside, these funny looking bagels give NYC a run for it's money! Unlike the "traditional" bagel, these are skinnier bagels with a larger hole in the center, and a sweeter taste. When I was looking into bagels I looked into a variety of places, I chose this location, (avenue du Mont-Royal), for it's location close to the metro. This is a cute cafe style shop that has seats and a counter to order from. This place was PACKED on a Sunday. The line was out the door right after we were seated. Then menu has a a wide selection of sandwiches, salads (with bagel chips) and sides. They also offer plain bagels and other baked treats. The service was ok, I have to remind myself that it's not NYC and we need to wait.... the owner actually came over and checked on us while waiting (which was nice). While looking over the menu, I chose the polet St-Viateur sandwich, (chicken marinated in lemon and herbs with either pesto or mayo)... I chose pesto with a green salad on the side, sandwich on a sesame bagel. My friend chose the omelet sandwich, eggs with ham (he subbed bacon) and added cheddar. Yum! The sandwich was awesome! Only complaint was the bagel was cold. But besides that I got a BIG hunk of chicken on a yummy bagel with a mixed green salad (yummy Dijon vinaigrette). The price.... eh, It was worth it, but it wasn't very cheap... 12,50.... but it didn't seem there were any bargains in Montreal. I'd seriously recommend this location if in the city. P.S. Don't expect a NY style bagel.
Okay, these are not the world's best, NYC-killing bagels. That said, they are damn fine bagels that would stomp on most of the rest of the continent. Served well, fast and friendly, all the sides and toppings were quality as well. Except the jam. Does nobody in this city make their own jam? Anyway, as noted in other reviews the eggs are that kinda egg mixture microwave stuff so if you're not into McD's style eggs, stay away but the bagels are killer and the place is cool.
What's the big deal?!  These bagels didn't have that much of a different flavor. It was also crazy expensive to sit and eat. $5 for a chai!!!???  The bagels were cold-ish and the service was ok. I wouldn't make a special trip here for bagels. Didn't see the hoopla.
I was really looking forward to trying a Montréal bagel, especially after getting a taste of wood-fired bagels in Ottawa at Kettleman's. St. Viateur was disappointing - I got a multi-grain bagel with regular cream cheese. The bagel had that great wood-fired crunch, but the texture was dry and the flavor was extremely bland, like the bagel was no-salt-added. The location and shop itself were great. We had a nice time, but I wouldn't go back for a bagel.
I loved visiting this Cafe. I bought a dozen bagels for around $9 and also sat down to have one bagel for breakfast for around $11 (huh?).  There are two different counters, one for buying bagels by the half dozen or more, and the other counter is to have a bagel dressed to go (BLT, cream cheese, etc). I choose to sit down and enjoy table service.My order was taken quickly and my food came soon after that. The BLT I ordered also came with a tea/coffee and a bowl of fruit. It was soooo yummy. The staff I encountered were all very friendly, the service was excellent here. The bagels I bought to-go were all I could smell on the ride home and it was heavenly.
Excellent place as either a local or a tourist. These bagels are delicious!
First of all, I will admit the bagels are great.  They have done a great job with the classic bagel and cream cheese breakfast.  However, the cafe lacks in the bagel sandwich department.  The omelet used on the bagel was mixed in a bowl then cooked in a microwave.  Personally, this is not my ideal way to cook an egg, especially when it costs $10 for a bagel sandwich with an omelet and spread.   Also, Yelp, they do not accept credit cards.  They only accept debit cards and even so, a Visa debit card was not accepted (for Americans planning on going).  I know that does not sound like a big deal, however, the manger was very rude when we tried to pay with our American debit card and her attitude really ruined the meal for us.The St-Viateur Bagel shop a few blocks away was pleasant.  It is simple, bagels and cream cheese, that is it!  What else do you need?
Bagels are one of those cultural things people hold on to no matter if bagels are good or bad people will say they are the best in MTL and they convince themselves of the awesomeness.  I am impartial to bagels and I am not from Montreal.  I am completely objective in saying that the bagels here are good... But so are 99 per cent of other places that make bagels.The major factor playing a role in what makes this bagel different if you can notice at all is the the fact that you can grab it straight out of oven unlike Starbucks or Tim Hortons which have to be delivered and reheated.  In conclusion, if this is the best that bagels can be I would say it's worth a go just to say you've been there, done that but don't expect something you've never experienced before.  Especially if you have it built up in your mind that you're face is going to explode with deliciousness like I had.
Will always remember this place as this was the setting for my introduction to the Montreal bagel. Their wood burning fire produces warm, flaky, crispy bagels with a hint of honey. So flavorful, you can eat it just by itself. We thoroughly enjoyed our 2 sesame bagels with butter and cream cheese. Their coffee wasn't bad either. Memorable breakfast. Nice cafe to hang out.Only downside is the price. For 2 bagel & extra condiments, we easily went over $6. The walk to St Viateur from the metro station made for a great walk through the Mont -Royal neighborhood.
A great place for Sunday breakfast....the tip is to get there before the crowd shows up.  Sesame bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese may not sound creative, and it is not, but THE bagel is what makes this dish.  For anyone who's not had an authentic Montreal-style bagel, I can tell you that there is no better carb to bite into.  Order a cappuccino or Viennese melange with your bagels, enjoy!The cafe is located in the "Plateau" district of Montreal, it's fun to stroll around and on summer weekends, you can check out the street fair.
Good salads and bagels. Not friendly staff and no internet. I don't recommend the Chai latté nor the biscuits.
I never met a carbohydrate I didn't like, and bagels are no exception. It is near-impossible to find a good bagel in my town, so I was very excited to learn that the apartment we were staying in was located above a bagel shop! Let me tell you, waking up to the smell of freshly baked bagels is a great way to start the day.Our first visit was for a late dinner. I had a bagel sandwich that involved ham and pesto, along with a side salad. It was delicious, but the bagel played second fiddle to the tasty fillings, so I knew we had to come back to try some bagels on their own. I had a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese - pretty basic, but it's the standard by which I judge any bagel purveyor. Note: the seating in the shop is only if you want table service. So we were forced to take our bagels to go, and intended to find a suitable place to consume them. But they smelled so good that we stood right outside on the sidewalk and scarfed them down. It was pretty great. So even if you can't have the pleasure of sleeping above a bagel shop, St-Viateur is worth a stop!
A very good spot to get breakfast or lunch. I went with the traditional.... lox, cream cheese, raw onion, capers, tomato, on a sesame seed bagel.  Everything was very fresh and tasty.I was informed before going to Montreal that there bagels were sweet due to the use of honey during the production.  A little different than anything I've ever had.... but very tasty.The staff is very friendly.  Menus are available in French and English.Recommend!
Hmmm. I didn't really have an expectation from a packed bagel joint. I ordered the omlette and artichoke salad. I can't say it was that amazing. It was massive, and I couldn't finish the salad but for 11.50 it just fell flat. I did like the side of pesto though. I guess it just bagel sandwiches, but it didn't really wow me in any flavor or freshness department.
Montreal-style bagles: not quite New York. A bit too small for my tastes. Basically, I wish I this place was Russ and Daughters. It's close, but no cigar.I had the traditional: the lox and cream cheese and capers were all tasty, but left something a bit wanting; they were a bit plain. Side salad was decent, but the dressing was definitely the highlight, a mustard vinaigrette. Coffee was mediocre, but I didn't mind. The other sandwiches that they had looked pretty damn good so I wish I could have gone back for more.I was honestly amazed that there wasn't a longer line on a Saturday. The wait staff is friendly and attentive, and had us eating and out the door as happy customers in no time.Overall, I was very happy with my breakfast.
Montreal bagel is definitely the best tasting bagels I have had around the world!The place is basically a bagel factory, hundreds of bagels are made all day and you can get a fresh bagel with topping of choice served toasted to go.  You can also grab bagels by the dozen or mix and match.Definitely want to come and try sit-in lunch someday.Recommended.
When in Montreal, this place is a must.  Their bagels are great, but I do prefer NY bagels.  I don't care for the sweetness of the bagels in Montreal.  I had a BLT Bagel sandwich that was yummy.  This place is super quaint as well.
Thank heavens for its 24hr convenience! We got into st. Viateur at 4;30am to the sweet smell of fresh bagels! The service was bare, cash only service! There was sesame bagels available! We ended up grabbing a half a dozen, and ate it right there outside the store. It was warm and delicious! We added some cream cheese on the side for added Taste. Will definitely come back to try other types here!
You can't go wrong with this bagel place. I come here to grab a bag a bagels and go! Many different bagels to choose from. You can't go wrong!
Every so often during my hectic, stress filled life, I like to take a break and just relax. I stop to smell the roses ( or whatever odor is around me), listen to the birds chirp their happy song or watcha little paint dry. The St Viateur Bagel and Cafe is that kind of place. It has two cafe locations in Montreal. Simone and I choose the cafe at 1127 Mont. Royal East. Its a little out of the way ( probably a mile or so off the subway) in the "Plateau" European district of Montreal, but worth the walk even during those rather frost bitten winter days. At this small cafe their specialty is Jewish style bagels baked in a wood burning oven all day long. You can have the traditional bagels with Lox ( a gross combo of Smoked salmon, raw onion and capers with some other junk on a platter) or with some of their flavored cream cheeses. They also have lots of specialty sandwiches featuring their bagels for the lunch crowd.After walking from the subway on a cold morning with the snow lightly falling, Simone and I walked into the cafe which features an open kitchen so you can watch the bagels being made and hand rolled all day long.  We found a seat next to the window, but away from the drafts from the door at the entrance. You seat yourself (or at least we did ) and then the waitress or waiter takes your order. If you don't know your French lingo then they are well prepared for you, as they offer both French and English versions of the menu. Simone and I both opted to start with some hot chocolate to warm ourselves up.  The hot chocolate was made fresh and not from a packet. It was rich and topped with a little whipped cream and was an excellent choice.  After sipping on the hot chocolate we ordered our bagels. It it was breakfast time, so we opted out of the sandwich options and went for the basics.  We both ordered a Multigrain Bagel ( seriously, why does my wife insist on always getting the same thing as me ?).  To keep things healthy, I ordered mine with a side of sun dried tomato cream cheese. Simone ,with her never ending sweet tooth had hers with the chocolate cream cheese.The bagels arrived with-in about five minutes with a small side of fresh fruit on the plate. Unfortunately, the fresh fruit in these parts during the winter months tends to be pretty tasteless, and this fruit fit into that category. So onto the main course, the Bagel. Jewish Bagels are denser then your New York variety that you usually find in the supermarket, and this makes them a little less chewy and usually moister.  The Bagels at St Viateur were done to perfection.  Hand rolled with lots of seed and oats, they arrived hot with a crunchy exterior from the wood burning oven ,but dense, doughy and moist on the inside. The bagels are cut for easy dipping into the side of cream cheese that comes in a 2oz souffle cup filled past the top. The cream cheese is also super rich and super good, and although its a lot of cheese, its good enough that you will find yourself finishing it all and licking the utensil of your choice at the end to make sure you don't leave any behind.Simone and I both finished off our entire plate and were pretty full at the end of it all. We paid the bill and rolled ourselves back out into the frozen Montreal tundra happy with our choice. St Viateur Bagel & Cafe is a nice country cafe to sit back and relax and get a good and hearty start to your day. Four Stars ****
I am not a bagel fan, and don't usually eat bagels... But that rule goes out the window when I'm in Montréal.  After having been introduced to Montréal bagels, it is always a foodie souvenir that I bring home to family and friends.  My only dilemma is that bagels are quite bulky, and so now when I go to Montréal I have to keep tally of who I should and shouldn't tell before I end up knee high in excess baggage fees while toting home bagels... They'd probably arrest me for poaching :pThis particular location is both a sit-down and take-out shop.  The line-up was mostly for the take-out section of the shop, and with just one lonely old man manning the cash register - things got a little bit hectic.  When one of the waitresses saw that the line-up was growing, she came over and started taking orders and bagging bagels while repeating the orders to the gentleman at the cash register to ring it up.  While I appreciate her effort and teamwork-driven attitude, this actually made things worse.  I had ordered a dozen sesame bagels and also picked up 2 tubs of the National Herring Co.'s smoked salmon cream cheese (a MUST buy!).  A Montréal bagel without the National Herring Co.'s smoked salmon cream cheese is like eating a cupcake with no icing.  I always have a habit of double-checking my shopping bags, not because I'm paranoid that everyone is out there to rip me off - but because I realize that orders are prone to human error.  Sure enough, when I looked inside my bag, there was only 1 sole bag of 6 bagels... Luckily I checked, otherwise, my mob of bagel-promised friends would be attacking me like hyenas.  All in all, I am a big fan of the St-Viateur Bagels.  However, I think the next time I go, I will go to a take-out only location.  4 stars for the bagels themselves, 3 stars for the service...
I'm not a bagel expert, but I have to say the bagels here are really good. My favourite is sesame - love it with plain cream cheese & smoked salmon. The bagels come fresh out of the oven. Last time they forgot my order, and the guy gave me 6 free to take home! Yay!
There is no denying how amazing their bagels are...just wish I could the same for the staff.We arrived and picked up a dozen bagels and cream cheese. The cashier was plenty nice but as we tried to sit down to look at our bag full o bagels an employee glared at us and said, "You take bagels to go, so go!"Coming from Vancouver I wasn't surprised he wouldn't let us stay but this is very unlikely for Montreal. Maybe he was having a bad day but I was definitely taken a back. Nevertheless, we grabbed a seat on a bench and ripped into our fresh sesame seed bagels like they were going out style. Yum, yum, yum!
Came here in July for our trip to Montreal.  Fell in love with Montreal bagels.  Ordered a bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese and capers for takeout as there was no available seating.  It was very good.  Expensive, about $10.
Best bagels in town... U can ask for a plastic knife and a Philladelphia cheese spread and eat ya bagel right outside :)
Best bagel place in the neighborhood. The have a variety of yummy bagel sandwiches. The bagels are prepared on the spot in a brick oven. Fast service. If you're from toronto and are yearning for your heavenly Tim Horton's bagel, then this isn't for you.
I enjoyed my meal here. If I came back I would definitely try the turkey club next time, instead of the hard boiled egg sandwich, because the selection I made was a little bland. The side salad was great and the dressing was outstanding. Overall, I found it to be slightly pricey but a good treat. Staff was very nice.
Montreal is a city full of great food! (Coming from a New Yorker by the way.) This cafe was no different. We were worried about not having the fresh bagels that you can get straight from their factory but they make the bagels right there.Our group sat down for bagel sandwiches and soup. Their soup of the day was good-- a chicken, veggies, and pasta soup, and their bagel sandwiches were great! The bagels really make it worth visiting. Oh and I had pesto with my sandwich--a flavorful combo as I'm not a huge fan of mayonnaise. The seating was okay. I went with a group of 6 and most of the seating is for smaller groups but they were able to accommodate us well when other people cleared out. I thought the service was also good, despite the busy hour that we went. In the end, I regret not bringing a bag of bagels home with us, but at least we got to try them!
Montreal bagels are always full of win. This Montreal bagel deli rocks. I recommend the roast beef sandwich for lunch. On the weekend come by and pick up a dozen bagels, smoked salmon and creme-cheese and head back home for a feast.
I was only in Montreal for a day (work) and I HAD to eat a bagel. I mean...who would go to Vancouver and not eat sushi...who would go to Winnipeg and not eat a mosquito...? Bagels HAD to be eaten.I ordered a huge salad with smoked salmon, capers, cucumbers, and cream cheese...I think it was called the Delox Salad. I also got a bagel on the side...even though it came with "bagel chips" (FYI- not really "chips" but thinly sliced, very toasted bagels...)SUPER yummy...The menu includes both breakfast and lunch, no matter what time youi visit. I totally reccomend this if you are in the NDG Montreal area and are craving some yummy carbs!I also ordered a chai latte....and it was SUPER good.
First thing I must point out is that when I do a search for this place on my GPS and on Google maps, it comes up as "1127 Av Du Mont-Royal E" And the Yelp map is not even close to where this actually points me. I don't know if this a problem with Yelp or whatever, but just thought I should mention that.Moving onto the place. My fiancee and I came here on a recommendation from a security guard at the US Office of Immigration, which is why I find myself in Montreal, I am happy to report they are allowing my Fiancee into the states so we can get married, yay me, but who cares about that, this is about food..One thing that is a knock down in points is they do not take credit cards and only Debit, which is fine for interac customers however they don't take my debit card and I don't carry cash with me, so keep that in mind before you go. Secondly is the food as uttered by previous yelpers is a tad on the expensive side 10 dollars for a bagel sandwich is a bit on the high side, but I considered this morning a special occasion and didn't care. Other times however, I would have had a slight problem with it.   Fiancee ordered the Beef soup of the day, a bagel with cream cheese and jelly and a bowl of hot chocolate. (Yes, bowl...) I decided on a Glass of milk, flavored hazelnut coffee (turned out to be alcoholic), the omlette and ham sandwich bagel and a side of crab salad. Food wait time was approximately 9 minutes from order till complete. We got the drinks first, the soup second, and the bagels last. Snapped some pictures for your enjoyment as everything we had was pretty tasty. However I had  a unbelievably difficult time eating mine due to the hardness of the bagel squishing the egg out of it causing quite a mess. The hot chocolate actually had chocolate whipping cream on top and was great on a day where it was below freezing at the time. Like I said before I got a hazelnut coffee but I was expecting it to just be flavored, not spiked. Which is odd when you take into consideration that the menu has 2 separate sections "Flavored" and "Spiked" I drank it anyway even though I didn't fully enjoy it. The crab salad had a large amount of Dill in it, and to anyone who is a fan of this herb should give it a whirl. Large chunks of crab with dill and a very light amount of either mayo or some other sauce served on a bed of lettuce. All in all the service was good, the servers were friendly and I would recommend giving this place a shot just so long as you don't mind a few of the items to be a bit on the spendy side.
I always have breakfast here when I'm in town. Great bagels.
Loved the bagels. Hand rolled and baked in a brick oven. Do they sway this old brooklyn boys heart from the ones I used to enjoy in the deli's on division in brooklyn??? NAW! forget about it! But they are the best I have tasted since my brooklyn days. They are so good you can just eat them with no filling or cream cheese or anything. I am looking forward to ordering some from there and having them shipped to me and get some from brooklyn and compare. Yes folks it will be a bagel-off!
The bagels here are very yummy. Good idea to come check out in a lazy Sunday morning
Rude service and DRY bagelsWe tried to use a coupon this establishment puts out but found the (unprinted) restrictions very off putting. Turns out if was only for the most plain bagels, with NO added condiments allowed. I wanted to PAY for some butter to put on the bagel--  but that was a no go.  Either pay for the entire thing- bagel and butter-- or get a free dry plain free bagel. And then we tried to sit in the EMPTY cafe to eat these bagels and the Pepsi we bought there. No--  sorry, not allowed with the coupon. We were chased out by a rude proprietor.  The bagels we dry and brittle as well.
A Jewish-Candadian bagel? The inner NY Jew in me (exterior appearances aside) recoils in horror. Us Americans (particularly New Yorkers) would like to think that we've got the best bagels on the planet, but this Montreal bagel shop proves that perhaps we aren't the Global Dominating Power of All Things Bagel. These aren't the bagels you'd expect coming out of an NYC deli. Not inferior, just different. Flatter, smaller, and more crusty, these are an equally "authentic" version of bagel that also originated from Eastern Europe, but  found home in Montreal instead of NYC. Extrodinary bagels. And dare I say it? As a bagel-fiend I actually prefer the St. Viateur bagel to the bloated doughier American version. What this says about my proclivities, I'm not sure.Update: I propose a bagel-off, 80th and Broadway. Pick the time.
I do concur with the comments regarding the prices, but unlike the locals who may not frequent this place becuase of the $$$, I was a tourist looking for some yummy Montreal bagels and price was not going to be a factor.  It is however, a reason for my 3 stars as opposed to 4.When we were seated (already a departure from your typical NYC bagel joint) I immediately noticed the plates with multiple bagel slices and fruit and wanted one of those but didn't see it on the menu.  So instead of fretting I ordered an all dressed bagel, I guess this means "everything" in Canada.  What came out was exactly what I wanted.  The bagel was yummy with a (not) heathy serving of full calorie cream cheese slathered all over it.  After all the hype, it was a worthwhile trip and I would gladly return upon my next trip to Montreal.The coffee was pretty good too.
Bagels! Yum! I got here a tad on the late side, actually it was more around 11 or 12 and the place was jam packed with a line and everything. The wait wasn't too bad. It only took about 15 minutes to get a seat. The coffee was good, definitely fresh. I ordered a bagel sandwich that came with smoked salmon, cream cheese and capers. It came with a side of soup of some kind which was excellently seasoned. If I lived in the area I could see myself going here and getting a dozen bagels on a Sunday afternoon :)
Wow.  I trudged BLOCKS in the snow for these, based on a recommendation.  I ordered one of every flavor.  I was soo disappointed.  I understand what makes Montreal bagels different and I was quite excited to try them.  The size and shape are different and I was okay with it.  But the taste?  I am not a fan.  My husband LOVES onion/everything bagels and he took one bite and spit it out.  The cinnamon raisin was the only I found to be okay, but I still threw the whole bag away; sad with the outcome of my pressing request that we seek out this bagel shop above all others to experience the best.Maybe I was there on a bad day?  Not sure.  But I will just go back to NOT eating bagels: NY or otherwise.
The place is nice, atmosphere is dark and cozy. The blazing hot brick oven at centre stage was goin the whole time as they were trudging out sesame bagel after sesame bagel. Kinda cool to see how they do they're thing. Pricey for sure and ultimately we both feel like Montreal bagels were definitely more hype than anything else. We'll take our Toronto bagels just fine thanks. Not worth the trip really...
Last time I went the coffee was cold and stale, and the waitress was sitting down watching the wold cup.  Now, I'm not a sports fan, so I can't understand how important the game is to her.  That being said, if you give me crappy old coffee, and then ignore my passive-aggressive looks in your direction...  You get a lower Yelp! rating than before.  Sorry, just think of Yelp! like the world cup and you'll understand.
Maybe it was something new for me coming from the states, but I loved this place.  Very unique style of bagels.  I had the bagel w/ the smoked Salmon...mmmmm!
DH and I are bagel fans - my parents are from Brooklyn, DH and I lived in NYC, and even found a place in Arlington MA that imported bagel dough from H&H. So when we heard that Montreal bagels were a "thing" we knew we wanted to try them. We arrived for a late breakfast and were told to sit where we liked. We were handed an english menu (yes, sadly obvious from my "pour deux" that we needed one). Service wasn't warm, and was a bit flaky (I got a regular coffee instead of the espresso I ordered, server forgot what type of bagel I ordered and to ask DH what kind of bagel he wanted on his sandwich). But she was busy and honestly for a casual place, small issues (the regular coffee was good, much more important). Although her english seemed good (better than my french!), maybe the language barrier was the issue. We had regular OJ (pulpy, which we liked) which came in a pretty glass with orange slice garnish, cute. Coffee filtre, strong enough with good taste. I had a toasted poppy bagel with butter and jam - bagel was really good, and not too sweet to my taste. Definitely smaller than american bagels, not as chewy as NY bagels, but not puffy like Dunkies bagels (a good thing, in my book). Nice amount of poppy seeds. The butter/jam was in little plastic containers like you'd get in a diner (fine). It came garnished with a couple of small slices of cantaloupe. DH had a sesame bagel (also very good) with omelette, ham and pesto. It was really a delicious sandwich - the omelette was puffy (egg only, as far as I could tell) over several slices ham. The pesto came on the side, in a small cup (probably two to three generous tablespoons - more than enough), was delicious itself, and complemented the other ingredients. DH also had a fruit salad (more of a fruit cup, but fine, fresh). They didn't take credit cards - and we were out of Canadian cash - but kindly took American cash (and gave Canadian change) without any eye-rolling. The bagels are good - but we decided we didn't need any extras to take on the road. If you can't get decent bagels where you live, these are pretty to very good. And I certainly think this is a nice place to stop in for a sandwich. The neighborhood is interesting (used book stores and vinyl shops, clothes shops and other restaurants).
The freshly made bagels are incredible. Personally, I only like the sesame bagels, but that's personal preference. However, eating there is quite costly. Each bagel dish is at least $10, and even though they are good, the ingredients are nothing that I can't do myself, and for a much cheaper cost.  The bagels though are like nothing to be found elsewhere.
Best bagels I've ever had! Bagels, in general, are never my first choice because the only version I knew was the doughy dense kind. But these were light, toasted to a perfect crisp on the outside and made it an easy choice to eat more than one. The place itself is small and bustling with people in the know. Friendly service and good food. A big eatery highlight of our visit to Montreal.
yumm, yumm, yumm...excellent bagels, very yummy bagel sandwiches! yumm, yumm, yumm!!-1 star for the price. It's a little too pricy when you consider that an individual bagel costs $.80 max, and the sandwiches are $10+. Sorry! Just being objective! Good stuff tho! Very, very yummy!!
Great bagel joint. We had breakfast and it was fantastic. Couldnt get enough of the everything bagel. We took several to go as well. Nice atmosphere as the restaurant was covered in dark wood trim. Friendly service.
Fresh meat, tasty cheese and a lot of Italian delicatessen. Best charcuterie ever and not so expensive at all.
Friendly family run butcher shop with a wide selection meats and Italian groceries. Despite the Yelp categorization, they do not make sandwiches here. You can buy all the best ingredients but sandwiches are not for sale.
Chez Vito is one of my favourite butchers in Montreal. Friendly service and great small-talk with the guys when you come in and they will always help you find the perfect steak for you. Honestly, whenever we are in the mood for steak, we'd rather go buy their marinated bavette and cook at home instead of going out. The marinade is very simple (oil, paprika, steak spice, salt, pepper) and not overpowering. With a cast-iron pan and some animal fat for frying, you can make a restaurant quality meal in no time. Another great thing about this place are the wonderful Italian products they import. The other day, Dino had me try some special Mortadella he had imported (the name escapes me). It was soft, perfectly flavoured and melt-in-your mouth good. If you're looking for a butcher in the Plateau/Mile-End, look no further. Chez Vito ranks among the top 3 butchers in the city and his prices are very reasonable.
Are you kidding?  Chez Vito is a mainstay of the Mile End scene, the place where all the goodfellas pick up their steaks and roasts, their pork chops and shoulders, their scottaditi-style lamb chops, their organic birds, and their hot and sweet sausages.  Chez Vito is also an unbelievably friendly family-run establishment--so full of good old-fashioned bonhomie that the place is almost a parody of your classic old-school butcher shop.  Whole porchetta is served gratis on Saturdays, and it's especially tasty (and plentiful) when you show up early.  Oh, yeah:  they also happen to have a pretty impressive collection of taxidermy, if you're into that kinda thing.  If they carried any grass-fed meat, they'd get a 6/5.  Essential.
Great butcher with pre-marinated steaks, homemade sausage, veal oxtail, pork shoulder, ...!  If you don't see something in the counter, make sure to ask as they keep a lot in the back.
This is a great butcher in the mile end area and the staff is also super nice. Also, if you're into coffee, they have great machines and coffee to buy.AND, the best part, every Friday they get a whole Porchetta, absolutely amazing!
Very nice and consistently good quality meat...that's unfortunately very expensive (my only gripe with this place really).Before going to Vito's I never thought that there could be such variations in the taste of a cut of pork...now I know.Service is always warm and friendly. These guys also have a great memory for faces. I only go there 8 or 10 times per year and they always seem to remember me and most of their customers.It's also the only place I know of where I can get my fix of authentic Italian Limonata (not the one made in the States).
Lovely little place with teas, dried fruit, candy, and much much more.I ADORE their dried mangos, and the people  that work there are super sweet and will let you try everything you want.You have to go here when you're visiting China town.
Chocolate Overload!! I don't mean that in a bad way either. We ordered a variety of dishes and beverages, and none of them disappointed. We had a Meat Lovers omelette, Waffles, and Crepes. All of which were amazing.In addition, their coffee and hot chocolates are practically desserts. We were tourists in Montreal, and we knew we had to stop here. I'd recommend anyone visiting to do the same!
I have been here many times for dessert and they have never disappointed me. Today I decided to try their brunch and I am sad to say that I will not be returning for brunch.The service was fast and courteous however I ordered the spinach and feta crepe with eggs. I asked for the eggs well cooked and they came runny, I sent them back and they came back runny. The crepe was okay but contained 95% spinach with a few speckles of feta. I was extremely disappointed. Montreal is full of great restaurants, if they are going to do brunch they need to step up their game. 1 star and that's for the server.
Location: In the Village. The closest subway is Beaudry, and street parking is available (metered). That said, in the summer, Ste. Catherine becomes pedestrian-only so you're better off using transit and walking if you visit during the summer months.The place: I ate on the terrace so didn't get a chance to see what it was like indoors. The terrace isn't huge but it does offer up a few tables. It's a great place to people-watch while you eat!The goods: I stopped in for brunch and chose the vegetable frittata and a side of potatoes. The frittata consisted of eggs (obviously), spinach, onions, basil and feta. All of these goodies were oven-baked and served piping hot in a cast iron frying pan (perfect if you suddenly find yourself in need of a weapon).  When I saw the frittata, I really regretted ordering the side of potatoes - it was HUGE! Anyway, everything was great, fresh and hot. I should also mention that when you arrive, they bring you fresh fruit with melted chocolate. Yumm-O!Service: Great. Our waitress was super friendly.Price point:  The frittato + potatoes totaled around $15 + taxes and tip.
I've visited Cacao 70 on Easter Sunday, I've chosen this location because it is very close to the metro which is great especially during the winter as it avoids long walks. The service was great, the waitress who served me was very professional. I have read many compliments about the decor (and maybe my expectations were high), however, i didn't see anything original about it. I ordered their American Style Hot Chocolate which was succulent as well as their salmon which was served with bread, cream cheese, salad and scrambled eggs... Hum.... I have to say that the eggs were a bit greasy and tasteless, the rest was just a simple salad with salmon and bread nothing that I wouldn't be able to do myself at home. Despite the last part of my review, I would recommend this place because they are specialized in chocolate and honestly they handled that part very well, next time I will stick to the chocolate menu and avoid eating anything that isn't related to their theme.
One word: SWEET!!! Chocolate here, chocolate there. I took the Sweet Chocolate Experience for Two with my girlfriend and it was a lot for both of us! If you're craving chocolate, go here and you'll get out of it feeling accomplished. Prices are reasonable, very kind service. No regrets because chocolate is always worth it! The hot chocolate is wow, chocolate, you can feel the chocolate run down your throat and you can feel the aroma all the way down, while making you drool.
We enjoyed an impromptu breakfast at Cacao 70 when Ma'Tine was unexpectedly closed.We sat outside on the deck under the soft, magenta bulbs strung over the street. It was a warm, but pleasant summer morning.The menu of Cacao 70 was extensive. There was a regular menu, a dessert menu, and a hot chocolate menu! M was deviant and ordered something that had nothing chocolate: coffee and a Europa crepe. She didn't like it. She thought that there was too much ham on the crepe. Even the server asked if there was something wrong with the food and if M would prefer something else.I made up for that. I got two different kinds of hot chocolate: the darkest called the Equator and the lightest the French Cream. I also got the Illegal Chocolate Waffle and a side of bacon. Everything was on pointe. M kept eating and drinking all of my food and beverages also!The Equator and the French Cream were huge contrasts to one another. One was mature, rich, and seductive. The French Cream was indulgently sweet and creamy.My Illegal Chocolate Waffle was served with caramelized bananas, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. I love caramelized bananas. It was a well put-together dish. I am thankful that I had some crispy bacon to cut through some of the sugar though.
This chocolate café is great for anyone with a sweet tooth! So many options to choose from, and I got the hot chocolate with Tanzania chocolate (one of the darker choices). There's a menu for you to choose your chocolate from where they give the cacao content. The higher the percentage, the darker the chocolate. From the view in the booth, I could tell that this simple order was made very delicately by the cooks. The way they poured the chocolate into the round glass, to coating the rims with the chocolate you chose so you're able to taste your chocolate before the hot chocolate mixture hits your palette.The plate came with a mug of regular hot chocolate and the special chocolate you chose in a glass. You can taste your chocolate first before pouring some of the hot chocolate in, drink it, then pour more hot chocolate in-- all while trying to drink it without marking your nose with chocolate! Mine tasted dark enough to my liking, but I couldn't even finish my drink because it was so much and I get pretty full from chocolate easily. Open windows in the café, so you can peer at the outdoor seating area as well as the streets. Peaceful and chic ambiance, with great music (I was so excited to hear Carla Bruni) and the customer service provided by our waitress was great, and she was super helpful in explaining how to taste and drink our chocolate!
As usual I come here once a year and  the food is always tasty. The location is great and close to the metro worth fun things to explore around it. The meal sizes are very satisfying.  My favourite part is the complimentary appy of fruit and chocolate to start.
For someone with not a terribly huge sweet tooth, the options are overwhelming -- from crepes to fondue to shakes, hot chocolate and more. The spiced hot chocolate (CHOCOLAT CHAUD EPICE - SPECIAL CACAO 70) is supposedly a dark chocolate spiced with paprika, curry, cardamom, and espelette pepper. It was more subtle than I had expected. The flavours were really well balanced and drank rather smoothy, except it definitely is thicker than your joe schmoe powdered hot chocolate mix so it is a bit rich on the palate. $8.75.Had a bite of the classic crepe with white chocolate (CREPE AU CHOCOLAT CLASSIQUE - AU BLANC) which actually wasn't cloying sweet (contrasted really well with my drink), but it is literally just crepe drizzled with white choc. This one seemed slightly overpriced. $7.50.Finally, the classic chocolate fondue with dark chocolate (FONDUE AU CHOCOLAT CLASSIQUE - AU CHOCOLAT NOIR) didn't seem anything special. it was served lukewarm in a tall mug and while there was space under the mug for a candle, there was none. Still plenty molten, however, to dip the bits of banana, strawberry, pineapple, brownie, and waffle. The brownie was actually quite delicious on its own (actually more spiced than expected), but dipping it in more chocolate seemed excessive. Waffle squares were not good...could have been omitted. $9.50 for "simple" (vs. "double" - which i assume to be either two flavours or supersized)Nice quiet place to hang out, with a patio out in front. Overall I can see this place being pretty exciting for chocolate/dessert lovers but for those just looking for a nibble of sweetness post-dinner, you'll definitely want to share.
The biggest question is how do you choose out of all the options, and what do you get? So many options, so many deserts. Icecreams, waffles, crepes, tons of chocolate stuff, everything you could imagine basically. It's a great place for desert, or even for dinner if you are craving chocolate like I usually am. Just a note, you never get what you expect. Say you want a cheesecake, you'd expect something simple right? But instead its this huge portion, that comes with chocholate and other things as well, which is sooo good. Portions are pretty good so would be a good idea to share.
Great brunch. The vegetable frittata was a favorite for our group as well as the crepes. Good service. The only alcohol they offer is red stripe beer so no mimosa options but the coffee was great. We returned for brunch again :)
I had a large dark Moka here. It ruined my day. It felt like I did two lines of bad coke. They must be adding extra caffeine. At least it felt like that to my body for a the next six hours.  The food looked great though.
Perfect place for chocolate lovers :)! Huge menu with all kinds of dishes, sweet and salty. Generous portions too, so you'll for sure be full when you leave this place. Very cute interior design as well, I love everything about this place!
Five star except for the loud rap music playing.If you are a nutella lover, you have to come here. Great service!
If you want a dessert, look nowhere else, this is THE place!If you had to choose between sex or dessert, go with dessert from Cacao, trust me. Not to say you can't do both, but the sex just won't compare after the dessert options Cacao has to offer. Honestly, take the extra trip to come for the sweet treats they have to offer either after lunch or dinner elsewhere. We opted for the Tutti-Frutti Waffle dish (which I would recommend splitting for two) which really had it all; ice cream, caramel, chocolates, dipping sauces, bananas, strawberries, and delicious waffles. Everything blended so well no matter what combinations you laced your spoon with, it was an orgasm coming at your mouth in every bite. I also went with a chocolate shake to wash it down and they made a proper shake with just the right amount of thickness that you can still use a straw without blowing out your cheeks trying to suck your face in for a sip. If you're only in the city for a day, this is the dessert shop to be at!
This place is a chocolate lovers HEAVEN. My fiancee and I went here for brunch one morning, I would suggest going for dessert instead. We didn't love our meals but the fondue at the beginning and the hot chocolate was INCREDIBLE! I had the Ecuador 76% dark chocolate with the dark hot chocolate and wow. My fiancee had the milk chocolate with marshmallows and he was a happy fellow too. I would go back again, but as I said, as a dessert spot versus brunch.
My friends and I found this place through Yelp during a visit to Montreal. We were debating between a few recommendations but boy we were glad we picked this one! The place is hip, the portions humongous, the food delish! This has to be one of my best breakfast/ brunch experiences. The pictures speak for themselves. Will denitely be back next time we're in town.
In a failed attempt to find a wine bar in Le Village, we ended up here for some dessert. Preferably anything chocolate. A kowinkidink? I think not! We walked in with high hopes. The air was filled with buttery aroma from fresh-made crepes and the decadent smell of cacao beans. Ahhh...We knew we were going to be in for a treat...Their menu showcased a myriad of dessert options such as crepes, parfaits, chocolate something pizzzas, cakes, and cookies, as well as an impressive list of hot chocolate drinks. It was a cold night and the sound of something hot and rich was music to my ears. I decided to go with the CIOCCOLATA CALDA (Italian-style hot chocoloate). The menu states it's "one of the most amazing treats in the world!" Well, I couldn't say no to that, can I? It was indeed very rich and decadent. Not your typical American hot chocolate, the liquid is very thick, almost pudding-like and not milky at all. I like it! Dark chocolate is my thing and this one was leaning towards that with a pleasant hint of bitterness. For about $9 CAD, although the portion is generous, I would also like to think they only use quality cacao beans. It was a lovely treat!I wish I could say the same for the crepe. We got the NUTELLA CREPE with bananas and strawberries. This took forever to come out but that's not exactly why I wasn't happy with this order. The crepe was huge! Filled abundantly with fresh fruit slices, I dug in and shoved the first bite in my mouth. Wow, that was underwhelming. Maybe I had too much sweetness from the hot chocolate already that my taste buds could no longer appreciate the subtleness of this crepe? Maybe... The strawberries were sour so that didn't help my cause either. The crepe, I almost couldn't taste it. I wish I ordered it a la mode but that was such an after-thought. I would've ordered a savory crepe if I didn't want anything sweet. It goes without saying, I've had better!  Skip the crepes when you come here and indulge yourself with a hot chocolate instead. WiFi is free, YAY! However, service was slow and they weren't even busy. Hmmm... This place is alright!
For sweet or salty treats!  Recommended!  We had the fondue, Crepes, Omelets.  If you like Hot chocolate look for the special formula
Out of all the things I experienced when visiting Montreal, this could've probably been the best experience. The waitress was very funny, polite, and helpful. She made the already awesome experience, even more awesome! The omelette here was good but what really made me drool were the waffles I had for dessert. I'm not a food critic and I usually don't notice things about food but the way the meal was prepared had me notice every small but delicious detail. The ice cream melts and dissolves into your taste buds and really allows you to enjoy and savour the taste. The chocolate that you can dip the waffles had the perfect amount of sweetness. It wasn't overly melted or burnt. It was just pure sweet chocolate. The nuts on the ice cream had to perfect amount of crunch. Customers would walk by and look inside and wonder if they should come in or not and I would give them two thumbs up with my mouth full of the delicious food. I will definitely come here again when I get a chance to visit Montreal.
This place is simply amazing.  The boyfriend and I stayed at a close by B&B in Montreal this year and decided to stroll down the street one night looking for dessert like places.  I stumbled upon this little chocolate cafe and decided to give it a try.  We ordered the fruit crepe and a semi-sweet chocolate with a shot of rum.  They were so delicious!  The chocolate had great flavors.  It was the best chocolate I had so far.
Delish! Had the Guiseppe hot chocolate, savory chicken crepe, and finished with a chocolate/ricotta cheese pizza. The hot chocolate had a little kick to it and was amazing to drink real chocolate! Chicken crepe was great with the perfect ratio of spinach to chicken with a slightly slightly sweet crepe. The pizza was the highlight with nutella and ricotta cheese. On the side was strawberries and bananas. Will definitely be back.
What a great place to bring your date! Their desserts are very good after a nice hearty meal from any of the many restaurants on St. Catherine.Their crepes and fondue are simply decadent!
The food was good. Loved the chocolate with my fruits. I had the crepes and my friends had the omelette. No complaints from any of us. It was a really cute place to hang out during gay pride and the cute blonde waiter was an added bonus.
Just a great place for brunch! Ordered crepe, smoothies, and Montreal breakfast. All just great. Preceded by a complimentary appetizer of fruits with hot chocolate for dipping - a nice surprise.
This was simply awesome.  A friend recommended it and when they offered the chocolate sample when I walked in to check out the menu, done deal.Got the grilled chicken sandwich with fries.  Both were great, but the accompanying fruit with chocolate - awww hell yeah.  (Check out the pic I posted.)Also appreciated they let me substitute eggs with bacon.  Friendly staff.  Was surprised to see this place so quiet while all the tourists flocked to the restaurants who had a patio because it was the first nice day in a week.
As I was trolling Saint Catherine's  for street art, I was feeling hungry and saw this little place.Was I ever a happy camper that I did! I discovered they were only ten days old. Their chalkboard welcomed all its new patrons in this comfortable space.If you love chocolate be prepared to be here awhile to try their offerings. Upon seating they will give a sample of their hot chocolate they make in house. Then you can make your own custom drink with literally,  a world of chocolate to choose from.Besides the noticeable array of chocolate, I came in for the crepes they served especially the savory ones.I ordered the Europa: euro ham, Swiss cheese and parisenne sauce. Served with a spring mix salad and a light vinaigrette.  It was incredible! It completely hit the spot.  Just right amount of dressing with a surprising touch of finely diced onions. Made the salad for me.  The crepe was flavourful and filling.  I finished every single thing. Completely satisfied by the meal and finished off with a nice americano.Service was fast and friendly. Prices I felt were reasonable. If I lived in Montreal I would be a regular.
I wish i could leave less than one star. I couldn't tell if my sandwich was chicken or fish. I wasn't able to eat even half of it. So terrible. Worst meal of my life
Went for brunch here the past weekend.Pros - Friendly staff- Nice atmosphere- Toast is amazing- CleanCons- The eggs are like rubber. I'm assuming they are done in a microwave - No drip coffee (don't bother with Americano. small cup and not worth the price.)- Menu is beyond out of control. 1001 choices (my personal preference is when a restaurant sticks to a certain number of dishes rather then bringing a binder full of options.)- The price for breakfast vs. quality is ridiculous.
I would leave a better review but I only arrived 20 minutes before the closing time (damn you poor metro system). Honestly I felt so bad and I actually would have understood if they had refused me but the staff that served me was kind and welcoming. I ended up ordering for take out a hot chocolate and waffles (the banana split one), which were both very good but you really have to be a fan of chocolate because there's a lot of it. Chocolate on the waffles, chocolate on the bananas, extra chocolate sauce on the side, you name it. It's not called Cacao 70 for nothing. A bit pricey I must say but still okay for the portions you get. I'll definitely come back but this time I'll get to sit down and relax more.
Incredible choice of chocolate inspired drinks and desserts. Friendly staff and nice crowd.  Waffles are perfect!
Heavenly! We tried their choco pizza and raspberry crêpe. Both tasted phenomenal. There was s huge line up but the staff tried their best to keep the line moving. The food was so amazing that it made up for the wait. The chocolate collection in the menu was diverse and for all likings. The staff were passionate and knowledgeable about the menu. They didn't rush us at all and for that we were grateful. Great company & great chocolate: a memorable night indeed. I highly recommend this emerging choco spot.
The place is huge and empty.  So I ordered 5 chocolates to go for 10$.  It is actually cheap as I buy chocolate all the time for much more (Godiva, Grandbois and Laura Secord just to name a few)My main concern is about presentation and it was weak.  By the time I got home everything looked like a mess, That is 1 block away.  Why not like everybody else in the chocolate business have dividers so when you open that box you are happy with what you see and then start tasting each of the gems you just purchasedMaybe charge a bit more and make sure the presentation is there.  Friendly, hipster staff, quick service.  Acceptable since it is 5 minutes walk from my home.  I would not sit there as it feels too big and lonely.  I can buy on my way to work a  much much better overall experienceGood luck!
Great dessert place, especially for Chocolate lovers! Nice place to get together with friends. Definitely worth it to order the specialty hot cacao drinks. I loved the Venezuela choice. We were 5 and shared the Bitter Chocolate Experience for two, it was yummy and more than enough! Would be back!
Decadent and rich, whether you're getting one of their desserts or breakfast meals. Seriously, their dessert is so fattening and it'll get you full. It can replace your lunch, if you don't have heavy lunches or if you don't eat a lot in general. They'll serve you some fruits with chocolate fondue no matter what you order, kind of like how restaurants serve you bread and butter at the beginning. I got Fondue Triple Chocolat; a tall mug of really thick chocolate (swirl of dark, milk and white), 6 small pieces of decadent brownies, and a variety of fruits. To be honest, if I knew they'd be giving us complimentary fruits and fondue, I'd have ordered something different.....What I ordered was just like, a heavier and expensive extension of the complimentary stuff they gave.Unless you LOVE fondue, order something different from what they're giving you already (basically, I don't recommend ordering fondue).My friend got one of their breakfast meals for lunch, and he was very happy with it at the beginning, but later he got sick of eating it, because it's a looot of meat...ham, sausage, egg, bacon... nothing refreshing or light about it. Didn't have any veg or fruits. Great date place, good tourist experience. I wouldn't come back here again though...It's a little tooooo decadent (to be honest, after I had their complimentary stuff, I had had enough chocolate), and I'm not rich enough to keep coming back every time I want something sweet. I give four stars because I think you should try it at least once.
Had the most amazing dark hot chocolate here. Marshmallows were weak. But I stuck with the 5 stars because I can't wait to have this again !
We had never heard of this place previously but oh. My. God. It is fantastic! We ordered the black and white chocolate fondue and it was not too sweet and not too rich but perfect. Everything is good. It's got a great environment to peopl-watch cause it's in the gay district and the service was great. I would definitely recommend!
Stopped in for dessert, and was definitely not disappointed. Loved the simple, yet comforting decor. The waitress was super friendly and was really helpful when we asked her questions regarding the different types of chocolate. They brought out a tiny sip of hot chocolate and a bite of waffle to sample before we even ordered which was nice. We ended up splitting a banana, strawberry, and 55% belgian chocolate crepe. IT WAS ENORMOUS. We contemplated ordering two but thank god we didn't. It literally covered (and overflowed off) the plate. So glad we listened to the waitress's recommendation to order the 55% chocolate over the Nutella. The chocolate was just sweet enough to complement the fruit nicely. Best of all, the crepe was only $8.50! What a deal. Definitely a great place to pop in for dessert!
Very nice environment. The service is good and so is the food.
Gluten free bakery. No bad feelings with indulging. I had the pecan tart & half an eclair. My husband had the chocolate rocher and the other half of the eclair. Heaven. It's not chalky, or gritty, the tart crust was heavy but so rich. You guys need to ship to the states!
This place is an all GLUTEN FREE bakery that includes bread. Like REAL bread! Baguettes, light and fluffy multigrain bread for sandwiches, bagels... All gluten free! They also have sweets such as eclaires, muffins, palmiers, cookies, pastries, oh and croissants. I was so happy to find this place, I cried tears of joy. It's something most people take for granted, eating bread. Oh and it's delicious too.
I had a taste of about 4 or 5 different items from this gluten-free bakery.  Everything was delicious.  A white chocolate and nut covered cakey pastry, a baguette, potato chips, a chocolate cake, and some other pastry I don't remember.  The desserts were amazing.  Tasted like a normal fantastic dessert.  The chips were... well... chips.  And the baguette was pretty good, but not like normal bread.  It almost seemed  gritty.  But for gluten-free, it was good enough.I'd happily go back and get whatever pastries tickled my fancy.
Don't think about gluten or a lack of gluten when you visit. This is the real deal. The baked goods are phenomenal and the staff was just wonderful. My wife said she could never move to that neighborhood because she would go to Boulangerie le Marquis every day for an eclair.
I have never been here but my boyfriend who is very thoughtful stops to get GF deserts here for me. They are great even if you don't have issues with gluten.
What!?  THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.Everything is gluten free and tastes like the real Parisian thing.  All kinds of French classic baked goods.  Lots of it is lactose free.  Baked to perfection!As a celiac, I am proud to have Le Marquis in the city.  My only regret is that I hadn't heard about it sooner.
Well, I hate to give away the secret, but this place is indeed excellent.  My girlfriend is gluten intolerant (genuinely so; she swells up like a balloon if she has just a tiny bit), and thankfully enough this bakery nearby has the best looking and tasting gluten-free desserts I've ever tried. They also make nearly identical Gluten-Free / Dairy-Free desserts, but I haven't tried these.Their gluten-free bread is decent, but it is in the desserts that they really excel. The owners are quite nice, and are happy to talk at length about their ingredients and cooking processes, or just in general.
This was the highlight of my trip to Montreal and that says a lot because I love this city!!  If you're Glutenfree or not...the pastries are amazing. I have celiac and I own a gluten free bakery in my own city and I was extremely impressed with the flakiness of the croissants and the texture and taste of the pastries! My favorite was the almond croissant!
You probably won't find a better gluten free patisserie, they do croissants, eclairs, you name it, all gluten free and many milk free as well. The breads are pretty good too but the pastries are the reason to come. Definitely a good stop for wheat sensitive people.
Gluten free bakery from HEAVEN! Now I'm not actually 100% gluten intolerant but I do enjoy baked goods of all varieties and every now and then I do a cleanse or give my body a break from all sorts of things. Before it became a gluten free bakery (a few years back) I used to enjoy the little fluffy on the inside crispy on the outside Portuguese rolls they sold for .40 a piece amongst other delights. With a new schmantzy French bakery a few doors over and my lessening of gluten/baked goods intake I walked past Le Marquis many a time without popping in to see their new line of goods.WELL I'm VERY VERY happy that I went in today on a whim. They have a brilliant selection of finely made gluten free baked goods. The baker gave me a sample of the quinoa bread that was absolutely perfect (and recommended by a woman in front of me who was stocking up on almond madeleines, quinoa bread and other GF sundries). The bread contains: Organic quinoa flour, organic flax flour, egg white, a touch of molasses, apple vinegar and a few other ingredients and is absolutely fluffy on the inside with a crispy brown crust on the outside. It may look dense and ultra hippy but I assure you with a little butter, compote or what-have-you = bliss. At $6.95 / loaf (they also have sunflower bread, cranberry bread and millet) it doesn't come "cheap" but is well worth it as it would be difficult to replicate this at home.As I was reeling over the bread sample, the baker fetched me a little sliver of melt-in-your-mouth GF dark chocolate brownie (focus on chocolate - not overly sweet) that was also perfect. At $3.95 it seemed a little steep for a brownie but after sampling it worth every penny. I highly recommend this understated bakery and shop (they carry a line of Gogo Quinoa products amongst many others). They have truly honed their recipes and anyone who only eats GF or wants to try something different should head to Le Marquis.**I just removed a star from my review due to the inconsistency of the chocolate brownie. I have been back 3 times since my initial visit to buy said brownie and they either didn't make any that day or had 'blondies' to sell instead. But it was a great way to discover the gluen-fueled Parisian bakery next door...
Normally I am not a person that posts reviews but this is by far the best gluten free bakery I have ever been to and I have been to the "best" in NY and TX and this by far surpasses it. It is so good I am still waiting to get sick because I don't know how gluten free could be so good. Can't wait to go back tomorrow morning! :)
We popped in here for pastries our first monring in Montreal.   It smelled WONDERFUL.   We had yet to get any real Canadian cash so all we had was a bunch of coins given to us from friends who had been to Canada and weren't returning any time soon and credit, but this is cash only place.  The gentlemen behind the counter was very patient with us and worked with us and our broken French and his broken English to understand what we could afford with our coins.   We wound up with an apple turnover and a strawberry apple pastry.   The latter was best but they were both amazing.   Apple turnovers are my mom's favorite so I've had many growing up and this was the best one I've ever had.  Worth a stop for sure.Side note:  We later discovered the is am ATM on this same street just a block or two (walking away from St-Denis) on the left.  I forgot to go back for to-go crossiants, and I regret that now.They also have meat and cheese, but we did not buy any.
Mmm Nous sommes alles le premier matin en Montreal pour manger un petit chose. Il ya beaucoup de croissants, strudels et pains a choisir. Je suis d'accord avec Dawn, le turnover framboise etait le meilleur. Aaaannnnnd enough of my broken French. It smelled lovely inside and out, and I loved that you can get fresh pastries, breads and meats. The turnovers really were amazing.Bring cash!
I stumbled across this insanely great bakery running an errand and picked up a perfect baguette.  Perfect as in robust, properly thick, rich, crunchy crust which complimented everything I put on it.Mind you I live between Thorough Bread and Tartine Bakery in San Francisco.The next day I went back to try the coffee and pastries.   I had a cappuccino which was nothing to write home about--a few blocks away you can get a very tight rendition of traditional Italian espresso.   But I digress from the most important thing:  the sublime cannelé.   Carmelized,  crispy outside, just cooked creamy inside.  Like no where else in Montréal and certainly no comparison to the pathetically squishy offering from La Boulange(rie) in San Francisco.  Peng, you were right (if heavy-handed) in our Facebook battle on the subject.
Enjoyed their pain Choco-noix as well as their cannelé. They apparently also have good breakfast options to go. However, I still prefer la Boulangerie Guillaume!
I loved this boulangerie. The bread it's delicious! Super fresh and crispy. The service is very kind, here you can feel very comfortable, you have the view of a whole corner in a such cute neighborhood and this combination with relaxed ambiance it's a pleasure. Try the chocolatine with framboise ; ) one of my favorites!
Being so close to JTM and amongst other bakeries, you might think this bakery wouldn't be popular but its the complete opposite. There's always a lineup on weekends no matter the weather outside.Its definitely the best bakery in the neighborhood. While they may not carry a plethora of baked goods, what they have is off the chart. Not only is it that good, they even offer you discounts or extra goods because it sat in the oven too long (slight burnt) or the baker made them a bit too small. Its not like they need to go out of their way to please customers but they do it anyway and with a smile on their face!And their croissant.. No words can't describe the buttery goodness.
Todaýs croissant day1$ each !!!!Best pastry shop in the area. I cant resist to go every weekend Choco framboise pastry is my favorite. Canele also really delicious when still warmEverything looks handmadeGood job!
Passed by here after reading yelp reviews. Got a baguette and an almond chocolatine. Both were spectacular to say the least. The baguette was crispy on the outside and nice and airy on the inside, perfection. We ate it up in the car and I regret not buying two! The almond chocolatine / croissant was buttery goodness, a must try. This place will become a regular for me!
This is a lovely bakery that I walked past many a time because it looked a bit schmantzy with over-price potential. Then, on a whim one day, I popped in to check out their wares and was so impressed by the delicious curried chicken and spicy pepper sandwich on ciabatta that (and at $5.95+tax VERY reasonably priced!) I ended up going back a few days later and ordered it again. I will eventually get to the goat cheese sandwich as well as other delights - the maple cream drizzled croissant caught my eye as well as the $1.50 blueberry and cranberry scones...They have pizza as well as all the typical (and atypical) French breads etc. And I agree whole-heartedly with Risa D's review - the staff are exceptionally nice (and fair) - even when it's busy everyone, staff and customers, seem to be in a good mood. Something about the space, the light, the design...and the baked goods!
I almost never give 5 stars but this place deserves a 6.The Sweet Pastries were simply mind blowing and I'm not even a fan of desserts or pastries. The Sandwiches were fresh and bursting with flavor. I just can't believe a bakery makes such good sandwiches that simply CRUSH the competition from dedicated sandwich stores.The bread was tasty.Everything is fresh and reasonably priced. I regret not trying the coffee. Service was friendly. The place is well lit with cool wooden benches.
Just an update to say that aside from offering truly exceptionalicious baked goods at truly sweet prices, the staff here are beyond nice and fair. I just saw them load up a customers bag with 9 croissants and charge her for 6 because they were smaller than usual. Myself and everyone in the fast moving line smiled and thought to ourselves, I'll be back. I love it here.
Amazing amazing bakery. I don't want to move apartments because of this place. Good prices. Best croissants I've ever had. They even give deals on batches that might be slightly over cooked. Baguettes are delicious. Of course as well not to be forgotten is the staff. Really nice people
Amazing bakery with great croissants, lattes and sandwiches.  Loaded up this morning for the week.  This place is a cross between a Parisian boulangerie and Tartine Bakery in SF.
Terrific scones, baquettes, Camu, really a awesome bakery - a taste of Paris in Villeray
Montreal has many very good bakeries, and it's perhaps risky to rate them. However, in this case I do not hesitate to rank this one very near the top. In addition to excellent bread, they offer a good selection of pastries -- croissants, muffins and scones (my particular favourite). They also serve excellent coffee, and there are several tables where one can read the paper, etc. And - most important - the staff are very pleasant and helpful.  Highly recommended.
Confession: yes I did come here after seeing pictures of the beautiful interior on Instagram. yes I have was super basic and ordered a cronut and chai latte...Tommy is cozy with a beautiful aesthetic. Their drinks and food are pricey, but it's vibe and location in Old Montreal (not to mention free wifi) make it a great cafe. The cronut is a bit sweeter than those in New York but the texture is pretty on point.
Customer service is key with any business. The staff at Cafe Tommy have proven to be careless based on experiences of myself and friends. It is not enough to have a well decorated space with IG appeal. There is only one Batista who makes proper coffee and is kind. The others are unapologetic, gossip behind the counter and require basic customer training. In the photos, I've shared an example of this disrespect Cafe Tommy showed via social media to a friend of a friend. I have never been compelled to write such a review for any business. However, I don't support this attitude. Especially when my drink costs almost $5. But more than this, because the attitude reflects the management's mentality. Dear Cafe Tommy, You won't survive without customers. #NoAssholeRule
I'm disappointed with my experience today. The pastries were clearly days old - rock solid and very dry. Quite the opposite of being worthy of a stomach ache. Coffee was good as usual. My friend's chai latte tasted like milk with spices, but lacking in chai flavour.Back to the pastries... I returned both of my pastries because they were rock solid and very dry. I swapped the second one for a cookie, as I thought they probably keep longer and so wouldn't have to go back a third time. The cookie didn't seem fresh, but it was much better so I ate it. I wasn't offered a refund, after 2 returns. I saw two other patrons return pastries within the half hour, yet they didn't pull the pastries off the shelf (and kept selling them)!It's disappointing to see this place consistently being inconsistent. It's a gorgeous space with great branding, but the management just doesn't seem to be there.
Only went once because the decor was enticing me after having seen it on Instagram. Have yet to return because well, there's nothing really that's bringing me back. The staff was okay, but maybe that was because we arrived an hour before closure. My chai latte was way too sweet and had way too much foam but I guess I should specify these things?The decor, which is what I came for, did not disappoint. But like I said, it's a sort of one time thing for me.
On a snowy Thursday, I stayed here for 3 or 4 hours to read. The prices are definitely on the higher side - a sandwich costs $10, a quiche $5.75 - but it has a really comfortable vibe with music that is at just the right volume so its not oppressive. There is some serious competition for the booths and window seats, you might have to wait a couple hours for people to leave, and the seating is not all that plentiful. People seem to camp here for the day. My espresso was sharp and flavorful, not the best I've had, but certainly up there. My girlfriend had an 8/10 regular coffee and she can be picky about her caffeine consumption.
The interior is a beauty, perfect place to study. BUT. PRICES. I guess it's simply explained by the art that we call coffee! Quality is good! The mocha was yaass and the cronut (a croissant donut!) was crunchy and Nutella all over and oooh yes! A delish! But beware! IT'S A COFFEE SHOP, SO EVERYTHING IS OVERPRICED, except for a kiss, which the menu says it's free. So yeah, neat and cozy, good food, warm drinks, beautiful neighborhood, everything is spot on! OH AND THE MUSIC THERE!!! OLD SONGS!!! STUDYING THERE WAS PERFECT! Simply a stunning place. If you decide to go to the Starbucks nearby, DON'T, THIS PLACE IS COZIER AND SAME PRICE, FANCIER AND BETTER MUSIC AND COMFY!!!
Not the greatest coffee, also very pricey for what you get. Don't think will be going back. Start bucks still better imo
Situated in a historical building (British Empire Building in old Montreal) Tommy cafe looks very appealing.The cafe presents coffee classics such as croissants, sandwiches, juices and of course different types of coffees.I personally tried a large Cappuccino presented Italian style in a glass which I found really nice. Good coffee, perfect milk combination.My 11 year old son tried a beautiful French croissant that he found was good, not too crusty, not too soft. He also tried a Dose fruit juice named "Zest" - of course he enjoyed that.The setting is a mix of a European look with a kind of madman touch - the mix works.So all in all, Tommy Cafe doesn't reinvent the cafe, but does make it very appealing.
The interior is simply beautiful. The white walls create a calm atmosphere with the hanging plants.  The menu was confusing as some items were on the blackboard and some were placed at  the counter. Other than that, the prices were a bit overpriced, but the food was amazing. The nutella cronuts is a must-try! Best 4$ I have ever spent.
I couldnt taste the expresso in my latte properly. It was too milky for me. I had higher expectations. The location is great though, in old port.
Nice, bright and spacious cafe. The chai latte was nice but a tad too sweet. The grilled cheese sandwich was awesome though and the lemon cake was lovely. If you're in the area, definitely stop by.
I really really really love this cafe. The food didn't tempt me, the latte was lovely but not the best I've had in town, but the energy is freaking wonderful. The room is so beautiful the way it lifts upwards with its twisting stairs, incredible old moldings, bright plants and so much light. Mostly what thrills you when you are here I think is to see an historic and gorgeous piece of architecture used in such a smart, modern, welcoming way. There are lots of different kinds of seating and the cafe is full of lots of different kinds of people, not just hipster coffee snobs, all kinds of cultures and ages seemed tucked throughout working, talking or cuddling over coffee. Tommy is part of a shift that is happening in Old Montreal, away from a dangerous and boring slide into tourist traps, and into a flourishing of bars, cafes and restaurants that actually speak to local tastes and rhythms. There are some weirdo bits of decor that feel like someone checking off a list of pinterest hipness: bike! typewriter! Danish modernism! But whatever, I do like a lot of those things so who cares.
Awesome place. Good coffee. I would recommend both carpaccio and mocha here. Now I am just type so Yelp lets me complete my comment and not bugging me about the comment being short. Anyways, the coffee is good
short answer: no. not worth it.may use their own blend but its union coffee roaster that they used which is used by most italian cafés therefore for the $4-$5 you are paying here, you are being robbed. should be no more than $3pastries from la cornetteria amongst other bakeries. might as well go to the source.anyway, keep on paying for BS crap if you want but don't ever say its the best coffee in town
Very expensive. Espresso is $3. Cookies start at $3.50.The service leaves something to be desired. After being told "it won't be long," I stood at the counter for five minutes while three employees idled behind it, before giving up and leaving the cafe. I have no idea why no one asked me what I wanted or offered to explain the delay.The space and its decor are beautiful.Very poor first impression, though. I don't really want to go back.
A great café for catching up with a friend or a casual meeting. Its best quality is it's design, because the space is absolutely beautiful! As a staple for day-to-day though, the coffee is not quite there, at least yet. It is still very new, so the baristas may be new also, but I hope that Tommy can someday become a staple.My recommendation: sit up the stairs in the loft, get a couple of lattes -- one for you, one for a good friend -- and enjoy the beautifully designed space.
Service was very disappointing. Coffee was not bad, but still expensive for what we got. We were told after we had bought and been served our coffee that they were closing early for a special event.
Best Latté we've had yet in Montreal, and they also do tea right (loose full leaf in a filter pot)
Came here on a Sunday afternoon with a friend. I have to admit, I had seen a picture of their cafe on Instagram, and that is why I was intrigued. The decor was incredible - I believe they had restored the British Empire Building, so all the original architecture and moldings were in tact. They also had a top floor with a couch area and fun trinkets. And the ceiling decor was gorgeous! That's where the praise ends, unfortunately. I had a mocha with soy milk. It came up to about $8 with tip. way overpriced, in my opinion. The washrooms were clean, but neither stall had any toilet paper left...which just shows the upkeep.  As well, my friend and I had met up for lunch (I had seen on their social media that they do serve food and they have a lunch special marked on their menu). They told us that they didn't have any sandwiches or salads that day... hmm. I didn't want to eat any baked goods for lunch, so we enjoyed the architecture for a bit with our drinks and then headed to the next door cafe for food. Soo promising, but unfortunately, disappointing.
A very cute, casual, hip environment but disappointed by the food. Chai tea latte was watery, we ordered three sandwiches for take away and one was wrong and the chocolate croissant was dry. It's unfortunate that the food was so bad considering the environment and location.
By far the most beautiful cafe in Montreal. Ditch Starbucks and start studying at Tommy! The coffee is very decent and the staff is friendly. Lovely experience, will go back.
We stumbled upon this place while looking for a place to wait for our Airbnb check in. Everyone was so friendly! We had a large luggage and a puppy and were warmly welcomed. Someone even brought him a tub of water. Had the pizza (super delicious !!), quiche, donut, and a specialty dessert (forgot the name), and several espresso drinks. Everything was yummy and the service was truly outstanding. Also the interior decor is lovely - clean modern lines with lots of natural sunlight. Great place to catch up with friends, get some work done, (or wait for 4 hours for your Airbnb..), etc.
It was a good cafe. Went in to try their specialty pizza, the waitress recommended the onion with sausage flavour, it wasn't bad but didn't impress me. The "donut" with Nutella was overly sweet, but the dough was quite tasty.
Let's start with the good:   It's a really cute place. we came here on a Saturday afternoon around 5pm and there was nobody in the restaurant. They serve both pizzas as well as italian desserts. The service was great, the guys were really extremely friendly and helpful. The bad:   The Pizzas. I'm not sure if it was because i had super high expectations or we came at the end of the day, but the pizzas really weren't all that memorable. we had the margarita pizza & the sausage pizza and both were average. Usually I'm a huge fan of margarita, but this one i couldn't even finish. It was very dry and non-impressive. I didn't try any of the desserts so i might come back and give those a chance !
If you dare to try a nutella-filled beignet, just know all predecessors you'll ever taste after delighting in this symphony of masterful taste, will be a total, utter, massive disappointment. Others may dare, but they will never compare. Try it. Why? BECAUSE YOU'RE WORTH IT.
When I heard that the people behind Bottega were opening up another spot specializing in pizza al taglio I was excited since their pizza is the best in the city in my opinion.  They also have a wide variety of italian pastries for sale as well as gelato.  There isn't that much seating but in warmer months there is a nice street terrasse.The pizza is quite good.  I had a vegetarian one, as well as one with cheese, sausage and potatoes.  The vegetarian one was my favourite by far.  I wasn't too crazy about the potato on the other one but it was still enjoyable. I finished it off with a migliaccio which is a type of cheesecake made with ricotta.  It was a little on the dry side but I did like the combination of lemon and ricotta.Pricewise it's worth every penny.  My whole meal cost me $15 and that included a gazzosa along with the food that I had bought.  It was in line with what I was expecting to pay and the quality of the product was very high.  Customer service was another big plus and it was very good here.  San Gennaro is definitely worth the trip if you're in the Little Italy neighbourhood and I will definitely be back to try more of their offerings.
Thank you San Gennaro for starting off my Pizza Week 2015 on a high note!From the moment I walked in and heard soulful blues licks on the radio, I knew it was going to be a good experience.San Gennaro isn't making an entire pizza as their special for Pizza Week, instead they specialize in Pizza al taglio, or pizza baked in a rectangular tray and sold in slices.For Pizza Week, they're offering a roasted cauliflower pizza, using both white and purple cauliflower, sprinkled with paprika and grated parmesan, lemon zest, and a little parsley.While it's not my favourite combination of toppings, in the spirit I ordered one piece, and also tried the Breakfast Pizza (eggs, fior di latte mozzarella, cherry tomato, and basil), as well as the marinated vegetable pizza (zucchini, eggplant, and peppers).I immediately noticed that San Gennaro doesn't use a standard pizza dough, it's more crunchy and crumbly-feeling.  The dough is an important part of the flavour of the pizza here, unlike other places it has a distinct flavour and adds to the overall experience.I found the special pizza to be a bit too "busy", I couldn't really enjoy all the different components, a few were drowned out.  That's not to say it didn't taste good, just that I felt it's perhaps too ambitious.I really liked the Breakfast Pizza however, and I'm looking forward to finishing the vegetable pizza later on.I tried an imported Chinotto soda as an accompaniment (think Brio, but better :) ), and finished off with a small plate of bombolones, an Italian fried donut sort of pastry, filled with vanilla cream or Nutella (I had both!).  The bombolones were pretty awesome, if you like sugar (check!), pastry (check!), things that taste good (double check!), and don't forget sugar (check!).The staff were very welcoming and eager to answer all my questions.  I really enjoyed the ambiance and the experience, and I think you will too!
Adorable place. Haven't tried the coffee yet but stop here for lunch for pizza & pastries. You can also get ice cream, and there are a few shelves of pantry goods you can buy on your way out.
My new all the time craving. Yesterday I picked up a bunch of pieces of pizza for a picnic in the woods. We ate them not heated up or anything, a sausage and peppers one, one with mushrooms and ham, one with potatoes rosemary and cheese, they were all just crazy good. The pizza dough so fluffy and chewy and crispy; the sauce so perfectly plum tomato-y savoury and gorgeous. I've picked up a couple different kinds of baked goods here and they were all incredible as well, the best one was a kind of fig and pecan buttery upside down mini cake that I'm sad isn't here with me now. If you're into Italian coffee this is a great spot too, I had an awesome cortado sitting in the window with my book watching St Zotique go by. No filter coffee, none of that third wave single source coffee stuff, but very excellent Italian mellow roast which sometimes is just what you need.
San Gennaro is a great place for a quick lunch and good Italian-style coffee. The ambiance is welcoming and you'll always get service with a smile.There's always a great variety of Roman pizza (large square pizza served by the slice). Some of their staples include margherita, potato and 'nduja, vegetarian (vegan-friendly), and sausage/ red pepper/ caramelized onion. There's also weekly or monthly pizzas inspired by fresh seasonal ingredients. And the arancini and/or soup of the day is the perfect accompaniment.Desserts are incredible. The over-stuffed bombolone and cannoli (piped to order) are super popular for a reason. People love them every time I bring over a box for visits. Can't forget the delicious tiramisu, served in a jar. In the summertime, they have homemade gelato which is simply a must. Basil flavour gelato is my favourite!The coffee is my absolute favourite. Made from Filicori Zecchini beans, the owners obsess over the perfect cup of coffee every time, whether it's an espresso, latte or cortado.It's more than just a cafe and pizza place. You'll also find a grocery section in which they sell various quality products imported from Italy- such as pasta, sauces, olives, coffee beans, etc.It's no wonder why I've become a regular. I go for lunch at least twice a week and always for breakfast on Sunday's. Love this place so much!
This charming café serves portions of pizza from the kitchen of Bottega next door along with delicious Italian pastries and, of course, good coffee. The service is excellent -- notably from the guy who seems also to be the manager. One of my favourite Little Italy spots.
Pastries and snacks, cute and inexpensive.Large terrace in summer, excellent coffee year round.
Had read about this place online, and how they served Roman style pizza the roman way- by the weight. But we headed over on a hot afternoon and had no choice but to try the authentic looking gelato instead (no fluorescent colours here)! Oh mamma! That was the best choice of our day. The gelato had a beautiful, silky consistency and was not too dense, and was much cheaper than many of the not-so-good Montreal gelatos we have tried since moving here 5 years ago. Had both the chocolate and hazelnut flavours. It immediately brought us back to our trip to Rome, eating fresh gelato in the narrow streets late in the night. I would highly recommend trying this place! I cannot wait to go back and try the pizza (many vegetarian options, all fresh) as well as the delicious looking pastries (I saw nutella in many).
recently opened by the people behind Bottega, San Gennaro is located in the south part of Little Italy right next to its big sister. what is it? it's an italian café, pastry, pizza and grocery store. interesting concept. I was following their instagram and was salivating at their pastry pictures. was very happy when they finally opened. so that's what I did, made a first visit a couple of days after opening to try them out. I initially had a cannoli and a cappuccino.the cannoli is piped on order so they stay fresh and very crispy, the way it should. was it good? it's heaven! the ricotta filling had chocolate chips in it to give you that little delicious surprise. as for the shell, very crispy, taste fresh. can't ask for better. size wise, it's smaller than some very very good cannoli out there which is a bum. I'd say it's about a quarter smaller but at the same price.. as for the cappuccino, I was very disappointed. was it smooth? yes. very easy to drink. but it lacked flavor. it lacked that very Italian taste to caffè. they may have spent lots of money for that super duper espresso machine but really, it's all about the beans and frankly, it doesn't hold a candle to the coffee shops nearby. and to top it off, it's pricier than most Italian caffè.now, my 2nd visit was days later where a yelper joined me. we were supposed to be more but most flushed me.. anyway, I had my eyes set on the bombolone which is an Italian donut. they had pastry cream filled and nutella filled. nutella anything is good, most of the time, so I went with that one. fresh, sweet greasy sugar donut filled with nutella, it hit the spot real good. I don't know if it's Italian nutella they used as I didn't pay attention. there's a distinct taste to the real nutella that makes it godly good but I'd have to go back to really see if its Italian nutella. price wise, it's quite inexpensive, a flat $3 if I remember right.all in all, I'd say it's pretty good. the pizzas looked very appetizing and they are sold by the slice/weight. they have other very Italian pastries that looked very good. you can tell a lot of care were giving to the baked goods. their grocery side of thing looks to be decent. personally, I'm sticking with Milano's.as for seating, there's 2 tables you can stand at, a window counter with a row of stools to sit and they have a terrace shared with Bottega.in summary, it's always good to have more choices especially when it's quite good!
Best espresso I've had in a long time. Homemade ice cream reminds me of Italy :-). Their pizza al taglio is delicious. You can't go wrong with anything you choose here. Terrace is very nice. Great for hanging out and enjoying great weather...
Out of this world.  I've had many a meal here, but never a bad one.  So what if it's slow sometimes? Relax.  Extra green sauce, every time.\\
Venezuelan fast food? Yes please! Walked in and got a pulled pork & passion fruit sandwich with a Grape Crush! It was delicious! Big potion with lots of flavor wrapped by a yummy bun. Little pricy but I'd be back one day for more. My guess would be for the empanadas!
Located on St Laurent street, Bocadillo specializes in  Venezuelan fast food. The service is VERY slow, but the staff is super friendly. Their Arepas are yumm. Tried the one with pulled pork and passion fruit. The combination was good, but not the best pulled pork I 've had. The Beef Mechada was ok. Nothing special. Also tried their empanada's. Were tasty, but a bit too greasy for me. They are open late during the weekends (4 am ish). Won't be my first choice, but If its too late and I don't feel like Banquise /  Schwartz's or Chinatown, I'd definitely be backFood -  Good Service - Friendly  Ambiance - CasualWorth the money - I'd say so
I love the "arepas" venezuelan and empanadas here , so tasty mmm little greasy but really good, price is ok. The place is very tiny but clean enough and nice service. If you are close to this place and like new things GO for it !!
Amazing arepas!!!! Open late and nice guys who work here. But it's  a bit slow. But who cares! It's worth the deliciousness. Gluten free, vegan, veggie & carnivorous  options available!  Take some empanadas home with you. They're soooo good!
My favourite restaurant in montreal so far. Food is absolutely delicious, staff is cool and got way faster than before. Music is very good too. You leave the place with a full stomach for a very affordable price.
My friends and I were directed down Boul St-Laurent to a burger place with amazing fries. After walking a few blocks, we decided this might be the place. In actuality, it wasn't. However, I think we made the right choice.The menu on the wall is only in French, but the staff is very eager to help translate and make recommendations. He described one sandwich so well that we all decided to order it. The Camembert came with avocado, lettuce, apples, pesto, and Camembert cheese. It was served on a grilled roll and with pesto mayo on the side. I recommend using the wooden stick holding your sandwich together to spread the mayo on before each bite. The sandwich was fresh and a good mix of flavors and textures. I also shared a chicken and cheese empanada with a friend. It was different than what I've had in the states. The shell was doughy and greasy. Maybe corn-based? Not like the more flaky dough I've experienced. This was also paired with the pesto mayo, a more fitting pairing than the sandwich. The staff checked in on us multiple times and were very friendly. A great option if you're wondering St-Laurent area for a meal.
Bocadillo opens late until 4 am on weekends, perfect for satisfying late night snack craving! Two locations are available, one on St.Laurent above Prince Arthur, the other on Mont-royal and St. Laurent.We had a full meal here - at 11 pm after dinner ha ha, but having passion fruit pulled pork sandwich only would make you happy, along with an imported soda - we had delicious apple soda. Also, not to missed, their tres leches is just a fantastic dessert experience!
Love it :) All fromage Arepa or Cartina are the best :) Lots of cheeese!! love it
Bad service, expensive food. There are other  Venezuelan places in the city that showcase the typical flavours on a better way and at a right price. Again, service was awful.
Yum! Bocadillo is a unique eatery that will fill you with satisfaction. Strategically situated on The Main, it provides late nighters and day passers alike with a tasty and affordable meal. I had yesterday evening the fried chicken salad arepa with avocado served with a side of fries. As I have had Bocadillo many times before, I concluded that I prefer the grilled option for the arepa. Nonetheless, my tummy was pleased with this fast food restaurant's take on Venezuelan cuisine. Also, I tried their yuccas once before and they are equally good (much better than the fries, the fries are decently seasoned but nothing out of the ordinary). Dipping the arepa and the yuccas in their savoury signature sauce (I believe it is mayonnaise with avocado, not sure though) is a match made in heaven.
Great pulled pork sandwiches after a night of drinking ;) little pricey but worth it.
They take longer to cook than you think but it's usually worth it.
The food was good... but I found the Arepas sort of small. Also, I got the pulled pork with passion fruit, and have to say, while it was good, it was not the best pulled pork I've had. The Casava fries however were quite good and crispy. The service however was HORRIBLY slow!!! We waited over 45 mins for our food, even after ordering at the front. For a place that does mainly fast food type food... this wait is unacceptably long.  I may return to try their other foods, but have to say, while it was good, it was not phenomenal.
Ordered the Passion Fruit Pork Sandwich trio from the Saint-Laurent location and I'm not a pulled pork connoisseur so I'm not going to enter the debate of whether it's the best in Montreal, but for me, this sandwich was delicious (and I was amazed at how fresh the side salad was)! It was packed with juicy and not overly sweet pulled pork. Staff was friendly and polite. I would agree with a few others that it does take some time for the cooks to make your order but keep in mind that you're not ordering burgers from McDonald's. If you have the patience and want to try some tasty ethnic food, Bocadillo is the place to go.
Can't express how tasty and unique the food is here. Had the pulled pork arepa, unbelievable.
Highly recommend! The staff is kind and the food is phenomenal. The pulled pork is one of the best things I had during a month in Montreal. Also, try an empanada.  Any of them. Everything here is delicious!
Great food and flavor!! Me and my friends loved the food and the staff is friendly. They made great arepas and a delish breakfast sandwich. We also tried the empanadas and something else w guava and cheese inside, and another type with plantains and cheese. Def recommend. Would like their menu to be translated into English and for their coffee to improve; otherwise I would've given them 5 stars!
Mmmmmmmmmmmm. Loved the food here! I know this place is known as a late night joint, but we went during the day and enjoyed ourselves. All the food here felt very comfort food-y. My boyfriend had the shredded beef arepa, and I had a chicken one with avocado and mayo. My boyfriend remarked that mine looked like a chicken pot pie! Both were delicious. We also ordered a side of coleslaw (good, pretty creamy), and fried yucca (OMG, delicioius!!!). Ask for a little hot sauce to pour on your arepa, and/or mix in with the mayo they give you.One star off because the service was okay, but confusing. When we got there, we didn't know what we wanted, so the guy behind the counter said to take the menus to a table, and he'd come take our order in a few minutes... but he never did end up coming over, after we'd made our decisions. So we ended up back at the counter, but only after a bunch of other people had ordered. Alas, the staff were still friendly and kind, and the food was cheap and delicious.
For people from Maracaibo, Venezuela like I am... The Tequeños taste like the ones from Club Nautico... That is a HUGE compliment. I will be visiting soon and very often...
Stopped in here for a quick lunch on the way to the Parc du Mont Royal. It's located in the plateau section of Blvd St Laurent, just down the street from Schwartz's. We tried the beef empanada (3.50$) and beef arepa (4.50$) Both were delicious. The filling was slow cooked shredded beef with a sweet and savory sauce. The food is cooked to order, and we enjoyed sitting in the outdoor patio out back while waiting. This is a great place for a cheap snack  and alternative to typical fast food.
Nice restaurant that serves  Venezuelan "arepas" (round, small cornmeal buns) stuffed with shredded beef, ham, cheese, shredded chicken, as well as "empanadas" (similar to the  Jamaican beef turnovers) filled with shredded beef , cheese or chicken. Venezuelan food is a mixture of  Caribbean and Spanish cuisine,  so you can expect lots of onions, garlic, peppers. They also serve "tequeños", the Venezuelan version of the American cheese fingers, only better. All the food is fresh, they will even fry the empanadas and cook the arepas as you wait.  Good customer service and a good option if you want to try something different or are tired of the typical Mexican/Cuban fare. It also provides a good opportunity for anybody to try their Spanish
So it's 2AM on a Saturday night and we're famished but saving pennies. What did we stumble across but this little gem. The Cheese and Beef empanadas were just delightful and perfectly crisp. The 2 sandwiches tasted (1 Beef and 1 Camembert) were both wonderful surprises, especially the Camembert with apple and pesto. The 2 staff were eager to please even though they struggled with their English and (unfortunately for them) seemed to have little French. However, the quality of the food spoke eloquently enough for me.
i don't eat chicken or beef, so my options were fairly limited here. but that doesn't really matter, because the one veggie sandwich is absolutely awesome. it's a Camembert sandwich with apples, avocados, and pesto. the flavors blend really well, and i'm definitely going to hit this up on a weekly basis.
A must to try cafe whenever I visit my family in Montreal I stop there for their best almond croissant
Many customers were seated in the dining area around an hour before closing, which to me was good sign.I picked up three cakes today from the shop: Bleu Marin, Exotique, Frisson for $4.95/each. Delicious!!! Attendants were friendly and polite Will definitely return to try other pastries.
Cozy place! Nice options! You can either stay or take out something! Lots of different cheeses. And I'm a cheese lover! Worth the visit!
since the expansion/renovation (they bought the local next door), it is better than previously. not only do they stay open later now but they've add mini version of their pastries which makes it really hard to resist getting just one. the regular size is quite big making it hard to finish or getting something else but now, the kids size is simply perfect!and they have a new addition, something i know they didn't offer, cannelé. a crispy outside with a soft and tender inside with the famous cannelé look, *heaven*i already love the place but now, i simply can't get enough of the cannelé
I went to Montreal to visit my sister who lives 2 blocks from this place, which is the only reason we ended up going there. I may be wrong but it doesn't seem like a neighborhood you would normally visit as a tourist, so you may not have a reason to really try this place. But if you are around, I highly recommend stopping by!They have a pretty good selection of cheese, meat and sandwiches to go but their pastries and bread are excellent (just like in France!)Their sit-down lunch menu is also great and very reasonable priced (5 or 6 bucks for a delicious sandwich + salad!). Table service is nice and friendly but you service at the counter for to-go orders is a bit chaotic.All in all a great stop if you're in the neighborhood.
Very busy bakery,deli and café, with lots of mainly hearty "go with your soup or stew" bread. Bought my usual breakfast bread,see how it compares with those from other places I favour,the cinnamon danish I scarfed down before work,was very fluffy and good sized, but without any pronounced cinnamon flavour. Not bad,but not great either, although better than the corner store variety.
Great bakery, wonderful atmosphere!  Try the Croque Monsieur for lunch, the poached eggs for breakfast, or the $3 special of the day ( coffee and pastry) anytime. Outdoor tables in the summer are lovely. Service is good but can be slow - take your time here!
I like this place. It's near my place which is convenient. I find the staff friendly and the food to be good. I always like the soup selections at lunch time and the wraps are good. The place also has a nice view and some cozy chairs inside which is good for relaxing. There's also a nice relaxing atmosphere inside with the jazzy ambient music in the background. This coffee shop is one of my faves for snacking and reading a nice book. There's also free WiFi here if you wanna browse on the internet. If you check in on their facebook page with your account, you can get a free cup of coffee which is great. Some come check out this place!
Not worth the hype! Wraps are tiny and bland! Overpriced cafeteria food. Not "gourmet" as it is described.
Decent cheap fresh wraps with good flavour combinations-def several cuts above subway. They also off 1 veggie wrap, salads, light desserts, coffee, beer and wine. This WOULD be a solid 3-4 stars if it weren't for the weird service and atmosphere. When I went for a quick take out sandwich the place had about 4-5 all male patrons, mostly drinking beer and using the Internet. I ended up waiting about 10 minutes to get my sandwich because the guy at the cash had been calling out to me (an almost 30 year old woman) "hey sweetie" and I didn't even realize he was talking to me-this was more patronizing than friendly. I just felt like my entire 10 minute wait I was intruding on the dudes hanging out in there. Plus, my 1 biscotti cost 5$?!?!
Great wraps, salads, soups and smoothies! This place is perfect to enjoy a quick lunch between classes (it's close to both Concordia and McGill) or to study while sipping on a cup of coffee or tea. The wi-fi is faster and the food is healthier than in the closest Starbucks, the staff is very accommodating (I asked if they could change the ingredients of one of the wraps to make it vegan) and the place is never too crowded or too noisy. I definitely recommend their drinks, the Blueberry Açai smoothie is the best one I've had in a while and the price was definitely more than reasonable.
Great wrap, salad and soup selections. The restaurant is also a great place to watch people go by.
I love this place in the morning! They serve delicious breakfast wraps and bagels and probably the best London Fog in town.The staff is very accommodating, if there are certain things you want/don't want in your order, they take the time to listen and explain what other options are available. Finally, the music is wonderful - nothing better than sipping your morning coffee to the tunes of Sinatra.
Great sandwich shop in downtown Montreal.It can be hard to find something inexpensive to eat in the heart of downtown Montreal but luckily I ran into this place for dinner. We tried the Austin wrap and the Cordon Bleu wrap and they were both delicious!  The service was quick and it was nice to see that they also serve alcohol. The next time I come to Montreal I'll definitely come back.Oh and I realized after I ate here of the name (Wrapcity = Rhapsody).
Great place for lunch or relaxing with some coffee. Their is great house music playing and you get a trendy New York feel when you're there. The wraps are very good and the prices are very reasonable but don't get the combos cuz they are not worth it. I will definitely return here.
Yummy and reasonably priced. This place is also very modern inside, so although it is cheap, it can still serve as the setting of a very pleasant dinner. I got the Chicken Cordon Bleu wrap which was juicy, flavorful, and perfectly toasted! They even brand the wraps with their logo - cute!
Husband and I popped in to Wrapcity twice for breakfast during our trip to Montreal. It was conveniently right down the street from our hotel.The first visit we both got an iced hazlenut latte and a breakfast sandwich on a bagel. It was the perfect size and the egg was cooked perfectly- a little runny, not overdone. Lattes were tasty.Our second visit, I ordered a spinach omlette (looked like a limited time special) with another iced hazlenut latte while husband had another breakfast bagel sandwich. My latte was a little bitter- maybe the shot had been pulled too quickly? The fruit that came with the omlette was a little meh. I ate about half.The guy behind the counter welcomed us back on our second visit- he was great! You order and they bring your food out. The atmosphere was clean and trendy. The English translation is on the printed menu. Our friend behind the counter helped us out there. We'd probably go back if we were in town again!
Open late, and a nice place to just chill by the window (overlooking from a second floor from the street), and enjoy a great cup of tea and a biscotti.  I came in here after strolling around near my hotel and wanting to relax, but not stay in my hotel room doing so.  The service is extraordinarily friendly and kind. The biscottis are gigantic!  And they heat them up before they bring them to you.  I got the pistachio one  and it was ok.  Too much white chocolate, which I have taken a liking to recently, but was wanting something more nutty.  It's not to say it was bad, but just not what I was craving for the moment.  They also have a cappuccino one and a double chocolate one that both looked yummy if you're itching for a chocolate fix.The seats are comfortable, and I spent around an hour here.. through about 11:30pm.  It's not loud, even though they have TVs on with it turned to the sports channel.  It's mostly people who are on their own studying, or working.  It's close enough to McGill University, too - and nice that it's open late for being in the downtown area.  I think midnight?
OK ... sorry to hear that Tony's review down below, who has some sort of issue with "bros", and thinks that $3 is expensive to be served a bagel and cream cheese in a classy environment, while watching flat screen TVs in the heart of a metropolitan city . . . . get a grip man.  I've been to place at least 5 times and tried several of the wraps ... all excellent.  The soups are also good.  The coffee is only "OK" but if you like the flavoured syrup - you're in heaven.  I was pleasantly surprised to discover it is licensed for booze - another plus.I just tee'd up a first date, and am on my way there now.  Nice and flexible if we want to snack, eat, just coffee or grab a drink.  Msg me if you're curious how this one went lol.Cheers!Rob
Comfortable urban setting, but you might share a long table with an elongated single cushion.Friendly service.The wraps are delicious, and filling for most people. But the combo ($2.99 for coffee and tiny salad) does not seem worth the upgrade.Decent ambience, if the university crowd is being considerate.
It seems people have very low standards of what a good wrap should be. This place is all flare and presentation without any substance. Cutting corners and skimping in the most important place- the food- does not a successful business make. I have no doubt that the owners know they are getting away with packing their wraps with cheap filler (lettuce, tomato) and putting a minimal amount of meat in there.  I had the pulled pork wrap and there was barely any pork in it- just a sliver. The volume of the wrap comes from lettuce and the pork is hardly even visible. This is a disgrace regardless of the prices they charge. My friend's chicken wrap was the same. This kind of typical short sighted approach is a cancer for any business. Owners try to save a few dollars by getting away with the minimum. It is cheap and disappointing- furthermore it takes the customer as a fool. Granted, most people are not discerning but those that have been exposed to the many options in North America  and businesses that value their customers are discriminating enough to see immediately that these wraps are a scam. They are unsubstantial and over-priced and worst of all, the owners know it and don't care because as long as people buy they don't have to offer any value. I won't be back and I'll be sure to tell everyone I know not to waste their time and money. Restaurants don't deserve success when they short change their customers and take them for idiots. Put some substance in the wraps and take some pride in your business.  I am sorry to say, places like this are a stain on the Montreal food scene. Get out and travel and you'll see you this kind of product wouldn't be acceptable anywhere else. If the owners know anything about food and have ever left Montreal, they know exactly what I am talking about but are counting on the ignorance of their customers.
Healthy food in Montreal at a reasonable price!
Pretty good. Friendly staff, food was well made, and they put it together very quickly after ordering. The lack of english on the menu was a bit of a stumbling block but the cashier was more than happy enough to recommend something. (Edit: I have since discovered that they have an english placemat menu!)Price is exactly what you would expect for a wrap in this city. I agree that the combo hardly seems worth it, but if you need something clean, healthy, and fast, this is a good option.
Straight and to the point--- This place is extremely expensive ($3 for a bagel and cream cheese???), the staff are a bunch of slow moving "bros" who got chin strap facial hair and more product in their hair than in their store. We ordered 2 bagels with cream cheese. Waited about 15mins for a cream cheese bagel?????? Skimped on the cheese big time and messed up one of bagels. .....don't go there. It wasn't busy, so NO that isn't an excuse.
I enjoyed the view of the street from a comfy pea-green chair while munching on a delightful cordon bleu wrap.  I guess they use some sort of panini grill to seal these wraps tight, and said grill has a "wrap city" logo on it!  Cute.
So far I really love going to this place. Their coffee is delicious. Lattes made with your choice of a very wide variety of milks (Almond, Soy, dairy-skim, dairy whole). When I asked if they had 2% they offered to give me half skim and half whole!The staff there are very friendly and upon return visits, they even remembered how I liked my latte. I was also impressed with the variety of sweeteners they offered, including honey, agave, and stevia...The muffins are awesome. I've had the banana and the raspberry. I think it may be safe to say the raspberry muffin is the best muffin I've ever had.I have not tried any of the other food. They offer a limited selection of salads and sandwiches (about 4 of each) that I believe changes daily. It looks fresh and appealing. They had 1 salad and 1 sandwich offering that was vegetarian. They seemed a little on the un inspired side, but not bad.On the down side it the latte feels a wee bit pricey, but considering large chain coffee shops don't charge much less for something that's not as good... You get what you pay for!
This review is based totally on a latte and pistachio croissant, which I feel is pretty irresponsible of me, since their main business is lunch food and catering and I did not eat any of those things.Anyway, based on the aforementioned petit dej, I would give four stars. The croissant was out of this world, and the latte was super rich. The service was really friendly, which I always appreciate, (I'm never moving back to the Plateau. Ever. People are so nice down here, I feel like I'm back in Atlanta.) In fact, the gal at the cash actually double checked with me about whether I wanted my latte decaf (hi, that would be me, the enormous pregnant lady) which was really considerate.It's not the greatest place to sit and stay awhile, but there is some seating in the form of a bar looking out through some big windows.Would not have walked here unless Cafe Bloom had been closed, but I'm certainly glad I did, and I'll be back for lunch.
Delicious!!! This place always smells good! The pressed sandwiches are really good and the muffins are great!!! The earl grey muffin, coffee cake muffin and blueberry muffins are my favorites. Good coffee with a large selection of sugars and sweeteners. Everyone should stop in here for a bite, it's bright, clean and the food is delicious.
The BEST!  The food is so good, atmosphere is amazing and what a talented chef and superb staff.  Can't say enough good things about it.  Definitely worth the stop!  Food for everyone!
the chocolate is bomb af but the waiters are too slow even on an empty night :( highly recommend the crepes but dont get the chocolate pizza it tastes weird 1/10 would recommend
Wondering if all the brown walls are supposed to be a substitute for the lack of chocolate in my crepe?Found it quite tasteless (the food and the decor)...student hangout. Loud and impersonal. Will not be back for more. That's all you need to know.
Went here for brunch this morning, and I'm definitely a fan! My friend wanted to take me to Le P'tit Plateau for brunch, but the line extended way out the front door. Since we were in a time crunch, we decided to eat across the street at Cacao 70.We were seated right away when we arrived at 11:30am (it seems people tend to go out for brunch a lot later in Montreal), and attempted to decide if we wanted sweet or savoury. Lucky for us, Cacao 70 gives you a free appie fruit plate with dark chocolate dip to start. We LOVED this (ordering this separate is $5), but wish it had come at the end of brunch instead of at the beginning. I ordered an Americano, which was surprisingly delicious, considering this place isn't known for their coffee.I originally wanted to order the blue mushroom omelette, but I couldn't change the order to not include swiss cheese (the omelette mix is pre-made), so I decided to order the veggie frittata instead. The veggie frittata came as a huge portion in an iron pan for $12.50 and included eggs, spinach, tomato, basil and feta cheese, baked in an oven. It also came with a side of whole wheat sourdough bread. I was barely able to finish half of this, and took the rest home as a second meal.My friend ordered the open faced chicken sandwich ($11.50) and also only had good things to say about it. My bill with tax and tip came to about $18, which was very reasonable for coffee, 2 meals and the adorable fruit plate at the beginning. I definitely want to come back, but for the sweet menu next time!
So chocolaty and so good. Their menu is pretty big. It's a great place to catch up with friends.
Got the single dark chocolate fondue (with fruit, brownie, waffle). It didn't seem worth $9.50... Until I realized there was a full CUP of rich chocolate. By the end I couldn't finish it and reluctantly had to share. A bit of a girly vibe, but the servers were helpful and friendly to our group ofbdudes. Would definitely come again!
I went to give it a try, ordered just a hot chocolate and i was not impressed. I was brought a cup with chocolate syrup and a small container with lukewarm milk. It could have been syrup from the supermarket for all I know. The customer service was friendly and quick, but the ambiance is ruined by too many McGill students who take over the place and scream across the tables, actually, the place seems to be invaded all the time by rude Asian students
Cacao 70 not only sells dessert...they have a full on brunch menu available until 4pm. Their portions are huge, just like their desserts, so it is well worth visiting!The cafe's menu is a bit on the pricey side for dessert, but I forgive them because their portions are quite big and I would really do anything for chocolate.The Milton & Parc location is very spacious, with lots of tables and booths for everyone. There is a permanent table for 8.Brunch:When you order from their brunch menu, they offer a plate of fruits & chocolate fondue! We didn't realize they did until they brought it to us, but it was a really nice surprise. Because the fondue isn't the main dish, the chocolate is a lot less, but the amount of fresh fruit that they give you is so abundant!Our portions were so big that neither of us finished it on the spot. As for the taste, I think it tasted pretty decent... very healthy. My frittata was a bit bland for my taste, but still nevertheless very good.Cacao 70's strong pursuit is definitely their sweet stuff; their brunch menu is alright. Nothing overly extraordinary, but not too bad either. I especially love that they offer a side of fresh fruit with chocolate fondue.Onto their sweet menu:Nutella Ricotta Cheese Pizza - The pizza tasted great; you really can't go wrong with nutella! The taste of ricotta cheese wasn't very strong, which was a little disappointing, because all I could taste was nutella. But I think using ricotta cheese was a smart idea because the cheese is a good mediator; whipping cream would've been too much and ice cream would've made the pizza way too sweet. The ricotta cheese has texture to it and allows the sweetness of nutella to really be the main focus of the pizza. The fruits and chocolate sauce given is a nice touch, to personalize your slice of pizza just the way you want it.
Went to visit the McGill ghetto and was pleasantly surprised by this Cafe at Milton and Parc. My friend and I ordered a chocolate marshmallow pizza (quarter inch)  to share. Although the menu stated it was for one person, it was more than enough for the two of us. The 'pizza' came with bananas and strawberry to dip in chocolate as well. We were very happy with the meal and the service. We went around 3pm on  a Monday and the place was quite empty. It would've been so nice to have had this Cafe to go to back when I went to McGill!
I took a bunch of friends here during their visit to Montreal. It was around 9:30pm on a Saturday, and there was no line up! Hurray! The decor has a bit of a modern twist to it in comparison to its st, catherine location near metro atwater. The bakers or cooks are in the middle - a very visible location for anyones entertainment. Trust me, it's fun to watch how they make all the dessert art. It's also MUCH more spacier - which is good!I ordered the white and milk chocolate fondue, while my friends ordered the strawberry crepe, caramel milkshake, and hot chocolate. I would say the quality is comparable to their other locations. My friend wanted to try their chocolate alcohol, but we learned from our waitress that they were still waiting for their liquor license. I'm not sure how long it takes, but our visit was recent, so if you're there for those items you might want to try a different location. Servers were nice, our waitress was courteous and always came around to ask us how our food was. She was also very prompt with our requests.
Cacao 70 is a standard version of chocolatier / dessert places these days. With many other options for patisserie, ice cream and crepes, Cacao 70 wouldn't be my first pick unless you were craving chocolate fondue. I ordered the volcano which was a brownie with vanilla ice cream, strawberries, caramel / strawberry and chocolate sauce. The brownie was alright but I have a particular aversion to 'generic-tasting' vanilla ice cream so I was disappointed to see that a joint specializing in dessert wouldn't invest more into a high quality vanilla ice cream. Other than that the sauce were pretty average, nothing to rave about. On top of the taste, the value for money isn't great considering a single brownie dessert is $8-14. Still, Cacao 70 deserves three stars for its convenient location, attentive staff, clean environment and average desserts.
FIVE STAR FOR THE FOOD: I went there for desserts, and Oh. My. God. Best dessert place ever! Had a Black & White chocolate fondue with an americano, shared a single with a friend after a meal, and we were full. Best chocolate ever--my mouth is watering just thinking about it.The only reason why I wouldn't give full five stars is because of the service. My friend and I wanted to sit and take plenty of time enjoy our coffee + fondue, but the server asked us whether we were done with our food when we hadn't even finished half of it! Even after that, she walked around our table which made us pretty uncomfortable...so we had to finish our food in a rush and leave.
Excellent place for snack or dessert... Great variety. Chocolate quality is good. Waffles are great. A delicious treat... And very well presented. Prices are reasonable considering the amount of chocolate they give you. A few things to improve: the wafers in our plate were really stale. The brownie is too dense and too sweet to be enjoyableWaitresses were very nice.
A good place for brunch and I'd recommend going when you're pretty hungry. I got the vegetable frittata  (with toast) and it came with a mini fondu with strawberries, bananas and pineapples. I wasn't able to finish and probably should have split one meal with a friend. Overall, it's a decent place, lots of seating and dessert/brunch choices for different taste buds!
Loved their choco-nut waffle! Their nutella & fruit ( you choose one, my brother chose strawberry) is just OK, nothing special about it.
Absolutely everything is delicious. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because it's fairly slow, but if you're not in a rush, this is the best dessert place ever!
I came here for a little afternoon snack last weekend. I ordered something called the volcano which was a brownie with ice cream, strawberries, coconut and caramel. My friend ordered a raspberry smoothie and a banana/strawberry/chocolate crepe. The portions were extremely generous and generally the food was delicious. I found my selection to be overly sweet and it caused a sugar induced headache, but I think that was my fault for indulging in such a rich treat. My boyfriend enjoyed his selection as well. We also ordered tea.My only complaint was that service was really slow at the beginning- we kept getting ignored for a good 20 minutes before they took our order. Also, it was quite loud inside, especially with some crying kids.
Came here for my friend's birthday along with my other friends. We took the sharing sharing menu for 2 or more; which essentially has most of delicicacies of the menu covered. It contained a quarter of triple chocolate pizza, marshmallows for roasting, grahm crackers for smores, fresh strawberries for fondue, chocolate covered waffles, and carmelized bananas. I found the waffles to be the best of them all. The waffles were hot and perfectly crunchy. The service was fast and the waiter was very nice and cheerful. I love the clean, pristine atmosphere of the place. I would most definitely come back to satisfy my sweettooth! :)
This place was delectable! We had "regular" food, as well as some desserts and everything was amazing. The chocolate is very rich and their portions for the desserts are huge, definitely shareable. The cafe was quite loud & busy, especially for a Sunday night. The place was packed with only 2 waitresses so wait time was a bit long but our waitress was still as attentive and did her best to be as fast as possible.
Delicious food, 1st class service, amazing presentation!! They also have very big servings, very filling. Definitely recommended to anyone looking for a relaxing, delicious breakfast. We will definitely return!!
My wife and I thought this was just a place for chocolate. Boy were we wrong.  We looked in and saw a customer with frittata in a cast iron pan and realized the menu must be more expansive.  It was.  We both had frittatas and they were excellent.  You are served with a small platter of pineapple, strawberries and banana with a small dish of melted chocolate before your entree is served. A mini fondue if you will. Delicious.  We will definitely be going back to try their crepes, waffles and sandwiches.
This place was a two minute was from our hotel in Montreal.  DANGEROUS! The beers were great, my favorite was the west coast IPA.  They also served hot dog panini's.   We asked for them to come as the server would get it and a short time later he brought us a few hot dog Panini's with spicy mustard and sauerkraut.  They were awesome, and different, to say the least.  The waitstaff was super friendly as well, very welcoming and informative.  Overall, this joint is a must visit when you find yourself in Montreal.
GREAT BEERS GREAT ATMOSPHERE GREAT STAFF GREAT ESTABLISHMENT!! We stumbled upon Benelux through Yelp, and decided to escape the cold for a quick beer. The menu consisted of 12 or so unique beers, each very potent and flavorful. Beers could be ordered at the bar, or through the servers covering at any of the tables thorough out the brewery. Prices were reasonable... $2 for a 4oz taster or $6 for a 20oz. Most the beers themselves were fantastic- some of our favorite samples were: - black ipa- ergot triple saison - malsecco saison- Congo IPA We easily orders everything from the bar, Christophe was super friendly... writing out each beer on a paper so we did not lose track of what we were trying (so many breweries just hand you a tray of beers expecting you to know what is what). If your into craft beers, or looking for something outside the typical Canadian crap served at most hotels and restraints, check these guys out! Wish we could get some of their beers in Florida.
Just great. This place RULED. On a recent vacation to Montreal (I know, in January, we're nuts.) we stopped in here twice. It was almost like it was our hangout. Great beer, delicious wine and a great atmosphere. And EURO-DOGS. Take note, Chicago bars. A high quality wiener (snerk.) on high-quality French bread, with grainy brown mustard, to chew on with your beers or glass of wine. Just delicious.Medina, our charming bartenderess on both nights had GREAT recommendations for A. beer for my charming companion, and B. other good places to go in Montreal to enjoy said libations.The ambiance was bare bones, but very appealing. It got crowded, but it seems there were a lot of regulars. All in all, my kind of joint, and I'd RUN back here when (not if!) I return to Montreal.
Great beer, wide variety of styles, all well done. Had a great spicy hot dog as well. Nice casual place
Third and final stop on our craft beer tour.This place had a decidedly modern/hip feel to it, where the first two locations felt like true brewpubs. Not that that's a bad thing, but it definitely felt different from the first two stops.The first beer we had here (fifth of the night) was the Armada, which was an American-style brown ale. This was paired with four different chocolate pieces: one milk, one dulce de leche, one 70% cacao and one 80% cacao. The tasting for this pairing went: sip, nibble chocolate, sip. Tasting with the candies did change the flavor of the beer, but I liked the beer just fine on its own. Heck, I liked the chocolates just fine on their own, too.I did enjoy the Armada - it was dark, and so paired well with the two dark chocolate pieces, but it wasn't thick or heavy. This was probably my second favorite beer of the night.Beer number two here (sixth of the night) was a riff on a Pamplemousse. Instead of using grapefruit, they used raspberries. It added a subtle sweetness to an already strong-flavored beer, but it was super tart. Especially after having just finished off a piece of 80% cacao.Still, once I got past the shock of how tart the beer was, I rather enjoyed it. I don't think I'd order it on its own, but as a taster, and as an ending to the night, it wasn't terrible. I didn't get the warm and fuzzies from the restaurant itself. The waiters helping our guide were kind of cold and one was a bit rude to a lady on the tour, who told the waitress that she wasn't drinking. The waitress basically told the lady she didn't care, and plopped a glass of Armada down in front of her. Not exactly customer-oriented. I'm sure this is a popular place with the locals - they were pretty busy by the time our tour ended at around 6 pm - but I really prefer something more low-key, and focused on beer. Needless to say, we did not even consider going back.
What a great spot for beer. Our helpful waitress noticed we were having trouble deciding between their housemade beers, so she brought us out 4 oz pours of all 12 beers on offer, which was awesome and allowed us to try everything (all excellent, BTW). Beyond the great beer, add in the incredibly friendly waitstaff, cozy atmosphere, great music, and none of that "if you sit at a table you need to order food" crap that happens in the States because there's barely even any food here anyways... if I lived in Montreal, I'd make this my local for sure. Worth a stop if you're in the area and enjoy good beer.
I was only in Montreal for a short day so I stopped in here for a quick beer flight... the brews were pretty solid and staff was super nice and helpful giving their recommendations. The place is really nice as well, I was in on a Thursday mid day so it wasn't so busy, but nice and quiet for me to enjoy my beers. By the time I was finishing up the place started filling up so I got there at a good time! Worth a stop if you're near!
AMAZING. The best beer I have had anywhere in Canada. Fun divey vibe, friendly staff and delicious beer. Their IPAs, IIPA and even their Pale Ale were awesome. I enjoyed the baltic porter LOTS.  I was only in town for four nights for work, but after discovering this place on day two I visited a total of three times in three nights - ended the night here each night.  Simply fantastic - great job.
Drink premium brewpub concoctions for no money at all. Well maybe just a little. Try all of the options over the course of a lazy spring afternoon and evening. You need help getting home but it'll all be good two days later. Belgian styles all the way.
We only came here for the beers, but quite enjoyed ourselves.  Very nice mix of beers, including many brewed in house.  Everything from a Pilsner to an interesting IPA, to a bit more funky beers.  Beautiful patio (or as locals say terasse). Great service by a hot waiter on the beautiful patio.  Sadly, the patio closed  around 10:30 or 11 and everyone had to move inside.The inside space is also quite nice.  Not the best brewpub in Montreal, but certainly a good option.
Arrived in Montreal fairly late into the evening and were looking for the perfect spot to have a couple beers. Benelux wasn't too far so we hopped in an Uber and headed that way. The place was surprisingly crowded for a Wednesday night and they a great selection of beers. There's friendly crowd and staff here. After letting them know we just arrived, everyone had the perfect recommendation on how to spend the rest of our trip. The perfect introduction the the Montreal bar scene!
Beer was fair to good.  The Les Voluers saison was my favorite, followed by the Sabotage IPA.  The Berliner Weisse was also surprisingly good.The service was just OK, not that attentive as they seemed busy.  Good place to stop for a flight (sampler) or a few pints before moving on to dinner.
This place had a chill industrial vibe. In the back is an old bank vault that has been converted into a sitting area. My boyfriend enjoyed his spicy sausage Eurodog, but being a vegetarian there was only one option for me and I didn't order it because the goat cheese couldn't be removed (pre-made paninis). The beers were good.
Nice fun ambience and great beers :)
Great selection of beer and decent prices. Overall decent place to quickly grab beer with friends.
I really liked this bar. We visited on a Thursday late afternoon, and it was pretty quiet aside from what looked like a mini-bachelor party. The drink specials are great during happy hour, and at one point I spilled my glass of wine. The bartender working happily gave me another glass with no charge, and being out of towners, gave us suggestions on where to go for dinner and such. Very nice customer service (although I can't speak for a packed Wednesday night!)
3.5 stars is the perfect rating for this place.    Very tasty beers, with a good but not great atmosphere.I'd recommend checking it out if you are in Montreal.3 or a 4 rating, its a coin flip.......I'll go with 4 stars to show goodwill to our neighbors north of the border. :)
Fantastic brewpub and great location in proximity to our hotel (The Westin)On site hotel (Gazette) is charging $10+ per pint for generic crap like Stella.  Take the 3 minute cab to Benelux and we had great service along with a proper last call of 3am.Bartender was knowledgable and friendly, even took my most difficult music requests and played them for me even after he didn't have the tracks in his library (Red Hot Chili Peppers - Don't forget me )Even though it's very obvious they cater to a local crowd, and English was not the main language, we were still treated well by the guy.  The woman behind the register however never showed us the time of day because we weren't fluent in French ?  I just hope only the dude got our tip.  Girl employee was literally playing with her hair all over our plate of chips and olives while we waited for EuroDogAll beers are local and fresh pony kegs, the place is littered with the empties.  No old product or old lines for this draught. Tried several styles from a Pilsner to the Black IPA and almost every single one was a hitI can't stress enough, it's the kind of place that defines Montreal and sets it so far apart from Ontario. Highly recommended.  Only reason I HAD to take a point was because:- female employee straight up wouldn't even acknowledge us when she found out we spoke English - they nuked our "EuroDog" because they were slammed when we ordered it.  Their Mild was unfairly spicy to my wimp of a girlfriend, poor balance- should offer better pricing on shots, $5 per Jameson is robbery compared to almost any other bar on Crescent that offers 5 for $18Condensed version:  scruffy male bartender is great, female sucks.  Mild version of their EuroDog way too spicy for the weak. Try the Sabotage IPA (heavy on the grapefruit) or the Saison (great balance).  Scotch Ale also delicious
Great beers and service! Great beer selection, we had the sample.  Really enjoyed the beers!
Loved it. I'm not a huge fan of "craft" beers, but this place had something for everyone. I had the Blonde and Blonche and they were right up my alley. My fellow drinkers had the Brown Ale and Stouts and enjoyed them as well. Inside was very loud so we grabbed a table outside. Nice and quiet in the shade, it was great. Not a huge food selection, but we had the cheese, almonds and olive trio with some chips and that was a nice snack. Great afternoon stop.
Benelux Brewpub is on our list of local breweries to visit on this trip. But with too much drinking the last few nights... we never made it for a night cap until our last day for afternoon beer time.Not busy at all, definitely a good place to chill. We shared a few $2 samplers:Lux - BlondeZeeland -  SaisonSemuta - Saison Amber Motek - Imperial PilsnerSabotage - IPACimonak - PorterThe beers were all A-OK and quite enjoyable. Nothing really stand out to be exceptionally awesome. Free Wifi with tons of electric outlets! If Benelux is near my house, I think I will be here during the day and do some work and drink beers...instead of going to a library or Starbucks!
You can get a nice tasting flight with a very good variety of Beneluxian ales. All are very different and very nice. Some of the beers taste like meat, in a good way.
I have been here a few times. It's conveniently located! Great to stop here, have a drink with friends and then head on to a restaurant nearby!They have a good variety of beers and you can ask for details from the waiters. The terasse is quite nice but can get quite full. Happily, the inside is nice too! You may want to check out the tables they have in the old safe vault area!
J'aime this place a lot! When I lived downtown, this was the place we headed, even on nights when the place would be jammed packed with McGill Ghetto-ites! Now, me and my man only head here when we happen about the downtown area and need a little drink fix. The brews here are primo, delicious variety on tap and something to suit every taste.
Please. Montreal is a great city, but its beer scene pales compared to Portlandia. Except that Benelux truly has it going on. We hit this place THREE times on our last visit to town, and the brews are ALL first-rate.Not only that, that they run the gamut from IPAs that actually have taste and flavor (instead of just bitterness) to flavorful stouts, with a great saison and Belgian and other varietals in between. Absolutely top tier.If you're new to town, this will become your regular. If you're a tourist looking for a few good pints, this is the place.Oh, yes, they have noshes, free Wi-Fi, and a great casual vibe.Benelux is the real deal.
Love la Marge stout, nice service this time. I kind of love this bar in the weird land of Sherbrooke between St Laurent and Parc. I love the dim light and its the best option in the area, but I dunno, not perfectly comfortable somehow?
The bartenders here are really good and fast!!  The brews are very good. The drinks were made to perfection. Great crowd even during the week.
Super clean tasting beers. I've done some brew tours up in Montreal and there is quite a bit to see and taste. However, I always make it back to Benelux. There is plenty of seating and the service is great. The food is pretty decent and there are some interesting things on the menu, but you came here for their beer anyway so drink up! They make some amazing brews. It is a good deal for the city and very convenient. It has a sort of industrial, polished stainless steal type of vibe. There are always locals reading the papers and working on laptops during the afternoon. Night time gets a bit more lively. Cheers!
Good beers, but awful service. Went up to the bar to pay, and I told the bartender what I'd had. He thought I was ordering more and started to pour. I explained that no, I came to pay for what I ordered, not ordering more. Wow! He started yelling very loud very fast-it was shocking. People turned to look and my friend screamed at him, "why are you yelling??" I was so shocked I couldn't even find the words. Thankfully another bartender came and took him away, and apologized several times. It's not a bad place, but I will not be going back there
The eurodog is a garlic salt bomb, perfect drinking food.  It's worth $7.  Unlike other reviews, I had great service here, but I usually sit at the bar.  It was also pretty empty when I went, which is odd for a Saturday night at 9pm.  I like the decor is here, it's a pretty nice looking joint. No TVs so if you want to catch a game, skip benelux.As a brewery, it's just average.  Beers were okay, most everything had a funk or an after taste that just wasn't right.  Like homebrew beer tastes.Bottom Line: Okay if you are nearby. Not worth going out of the way.
I regularly visit the place for a 5a7 with lab mates. I recommend starting with the hot dog and pint special. Tasty beer in a large variety for your selection. Inside can get loud, but fret not for there is ample seating outside my friends! Well at least in the summer.
Great selection of beers with a few basic food options.  I didn't expect much from the panini I ordered, particularly since when i asked about food, the bartender ponted to the chalkboard with about ten items, and he indicated about half the things were not available (apparently they ran out).  It was fairly early on a Thursday night, so running out of food seemed strange.  However, my panini was spicy and full of flavor.  But I came here for the beer.  And it was just great.
Really cool brew pub with usually good beer. Kind of corporate downtown vibe, not exactly a pub. Once the beer tasted kind of green like it had been rushed. I would go back.
This place seems to be a mainstay for UQAM students for happy hours after work. I stopped in with the other scientists I was working with and we got a nice big booth in the corner. The beer list is good and cheap for Montreal, but I wasn't sold on the interior. It was just a beat down little bar that seems to be to go-to place for no reason other than it's close. However, the bar has a bunch of tables outside in the front, which I'm sure would be a great venue during the summer.
Tried the Diplo- a saison I'd love to drink all day! It really was perfect. Shots on the house for my date and I - *thank you* to the excellent atmosphere and such nice attention :)
Lots of solid beers here.  Cool spot located in an old bank.  Not too crowed when we came.  You can get a sampler, which is what I did.  Mostly good beers, my favorite being the Sabotage IPA.  Super hoppy and delicious.  The other notable brews for me would be the Diplo and the Razmatazz.
One of the few places ive never had an issue with the service, the beer is amazing, nothing like a pint of Cuda with a big hot dog ! Staff is also awesomw.
This was a great place to sit and have a beer.  They had a very nice outdoor patio on the street that was full, but the crowd moved and it was easy to get a table.  Very nice selection of beer, the munchies menu was limited.  Hot Dog, Panini (1 or 2) chips, cheese, or olives was all that they had.  We had the Panini and it was good!
This place was a great find in Montreal! The staff was amazing and provided excellent service. They serve good food even late night and the beer selection is hard to beat. Definitely recommend checking this place out!!
I have been here several times and it always looks like a complete gong show inside: coats, people, scarves, plates and glasses everywhere, but the service is always impeccable and the beers on tap are always tasty and fresh. The little plates are nice and keep you from getting too loaded on some of the Belgian-esque 9.5%'ers.Easy to get to on the bus/Metro and even though it looks more packed than a Shriner's circus car, there's always room for more people!
A place that is popular with the Mcgill crowd. Summer is the best time for this place as the front is converted into a huge patio that seems to always be busy.
After wandering around Montreal for a few days looking for good beer and finding the Canadian equvalent of "Bud, Bud Light, Coors, Coors Light, Miller, Miller Lite", this place was a very welcome oasis.The Cuda IPA was delicious, they stayed open late, and the wait staff was welcoming and informed.
open late! good cheese and crackers! good ipa  and wine! friendly bartender, large area! affordable and in safe neighborhood. would go back.
A great little brewpub in Montreal.  We tried the samplers and were not disappointed.  This place quickly became packed around 4 on a Saturday and seemed to be a mix of locals and tourists.  I would say that it seemed like mostly locals, which means the place has to be doing something right.  My favorite beer was the pilsner but I would stay away from the Belgians if you like their classic tastes only because the ones brewed were slightly off.  The service was fast and super nice even though she was the only one working the whole room!  There are no TVs, which is fine, so don't expect to catch a game.  This is a great place to get together with a group of friends and indulge in beer and conversation.
Meh.Beer: Good.Service: Huh, where?Terrace: CHAOSMenu: Blocked by many (drunken)headsBloody Caesar: Eek!I really wanted to try a Eurodog, but I lacked the patience.But hey, the beer is good.I'll go back to try the dog, one day.
Ambiance is relaxed, no attitude.  Nice mix of people, some hipsters, some students and some old farts enjoying a brew.  Beer wasn't out of this world, at least my two choices, souped-up hot dog was a fine chaser.  3.5 stars would be right -- I wouldn't go out of my way -- or even skip another night in beautiful old Montreal for that.
Second time here.  Great selection of brews, but the service is aloof.  Not sure if it is because we're Americans, but we weren't loud/obnoxious.  Just out to get a few brews before the night.
Nice place to have a beer, especially when the terrasse is open, though it is often very busy. Their beers don't have anything special beside the fact that they brew their own (I know this is North America but Belgian style? Really? Have you ever even tried a real Belgian beer??! And the IPA tastes like grapefruit juice) Good if you like very stereotypical beers. A bit expensive for what it is. The waiters are usually friendly and the atmosphere always up!
Meh. Beer's good. Service is sub-par. Haven't tried the food. I'll go back to try the food and will adjust this review accordingly.
I've been going to this place regularly for the last two years, and I'm happy to have such nice place next to my home. The beer selection is great considering that they serve only their own beer. Whatever your taste in beer, there is always two or three on tap that you'll enjoy. So every body in your gang will be happy.The people who work in Benelux are professional and know the beer. The atmosphere is very friendly but they respect your privacy perfectly.Don't forget to taste their roasted almonds!
Had some late nite drinks here while in town for the jazz fest.My friend and I were underwhelmed by our beers--not bad, just meh--so we switched over to wine (rose, which was fine). Decent crowd even late nite. Service was typical Montreal.Decent enough brewpub; don't think I'd go out of my way to go back, tho.
Perhaps I had high expectations for Benelux, or perhaps I went on a cold-gloomy day and therefore it wasn't as busy as people claim for it to be. I'm not sure, I'm going to have to come back to really pick at that. Perhaps in the summer time when the weather is more terrace friendly. It's a spacious pub with lots of seating options to choose from, both indoors and outdoors. They had an interesting beer list that can surely satisfy a beer fix and many people seemed to be ordering their European style hot dogs, which looked quite good. I had a glass of their Gaia beer, which is a light-citrus tasting beer... around 4-5%, and my friend had a glass of their Lux, which is a blonde beer. Next time I'll probably go for something a little stronger and bolder, but it wasn't bad for starters.I can definitely appreciate and respect their home-brewing beer skills, and I will definitely come back (most likely in the summer time) to try what else they have to offer!
Every time I go back to Montreal, I have to make a trip to Benelux. Geoffrey is a rockstar, and is usually plastered by the time I get there.The beer is all great - special kudos to Cuda, but everything on the menu is fantastic. I don't think I've ever had a beer I didn't like. The Euro Dogs are pretty good, and make for great drunk food.Go in the back, sit in the vault, and enjoy one of the best beer bars in Montreal.
My favourite brewery in the downtown area.  If I'm not trekking to Dieu du Ciel, I'm coming here. Benelux provides solid beer, a fantastic Black IPA, and friendly service. I don't have too much negative to say in terms of their beer selection, and I'm never lacking for a choice outside my beloved Black IPA's. The beer geek in me is quite pleased to see that their Belgian styles are consistent and clean, something that is often not present in smaller breweries. Benelux has a nice atmosphere, fairly low volume, great lightning, and decent table set up. This makes it a great place for conversing over a beer after work, or commiserating over one due to work.  All in all it holds a solid second place in my quest for Montreal breweries.
Personally, I am not a huge fan of beer.  I like a good brew with a meal, but don't expect me to pound them back all night.  However, Benelux is one of these places where I will enjoy a pint or two.  They have all different types of beers that they brew themselves.  Some of them can have high alcohol content so look out for what you get.If you are sitting on one of the tables, the service can be a little lackluster as others have mentioned.  However, if you sit at the bar you shouldn't have any problems with service.If you are a little hungry while knocking back a few, they serve European style hot dogs which are surprisingly good.There is a terrasse out in the summer too, so on a warm summer evening you can sit back relax and enjoy some hand crafted brews.
If you love beer it is good place to go in Montreal. Good variety of beers with all different tastes. The food is not very good and the music is loud but the beer is so good that convinced me to give four stars!
A pretty chill place to have a pint.  They have plenty of outdoors seating, but it's located right next door to a dry cleaners which is weird. There is a pretty big tree that covers the seating area outside which should provide some shade. The beers here are decent, have not heard of a single one, but I tried a zeeland which is a Saison ale. Sadly I only was able to barely fit one pint due to a large dinner prior. But I would come again. Price is about 6-7 a pint.
A hip brewpub/brewery with stainless steel and exposed ductwork everywhere. Kegs line the walls as you come in, and the bar at the end of the high ceilinged room has the brewhouse itself tucked away behind it, barely visible. The feeling is kind of a mix between a lounge and a bar, with several different seating options. Floor to ceiling windows line one wall letting in a lot of light (we were there in the afternoon), but I have a feeling this place comes alive at night. The beers range from the traditional Belgian styles that permeate the area to hoppy American style pale ales and IPAs. The Belgian blonde we had was well brewed and exactly what you expect, flavorful but light and approachable. The IPA was good and hoppy, but the malt profile was interesting and complex, which I appreciate.Overall the beer is very good, a little on the pricey side (but not that bad), and the feel of the place is more young and hip than some of the traditional "pubs" where craft beer is served. The service was very slow however, and begrudgingly bi-lingual. I have a feeling they're not really geared for the tourist population, which is fine, but I need to brush up on my French before I go back (and leave the backpack at the hotel).
So, the beer here is fantastic and that's enough for me to love it.There are, however, some downsides: 1. It is really loud inside.  Loud enough that having a conversation with someone a foot from you is difficult.2. As someone else has said, service is a little lackluster.3. It's a little pricy.If you want an interesting beer, this is a great place to try.  If you're looking to hang out and chat and don't care what you're drinking, go somewhere else.
Everything here is delicious.Let me elaborate.The beerThe bartendersThe atmosphereThe trio plateThe patio was jampacked, so we opted to sit inside at the bar - which was a ton of fun because we got to eyeball the behind-the-scenes of the bar - which is lively. The service was on point too.Go for the beer. Stay for the beer and surrounding (eye-candy). We ended up gulping down a few more than our initially planned 'one and done'.Good times.
Hell yes. I went on a brewpub tour of Montréal and this place was the best. The beer was excellent, the decor was on par with anything you would find in Manhattan, the prices were totally reasonable, and the waitstaff were recruited from American Apparel advertisements. I will be back the next time I'm in town.
Amazing place but always packed.
I have mixed feelings about this place...  The beer was absolutely fantastic.  Between my boyfriend and me we tried three different beers (American IPA, Abricot, and something else...), and all were great.  The service, however, was kind of lackluster.  Perhaps it was because we were tourists, but we were not welcomed by our waitress at all.  She acted as if we were an interruption to her otherwise perfect life.Another downfall is that there's not much of a food selection.  You have a choice of bread, cheese and crackers, olives, a couple of panini varieties, and hot dogs (uh...no thanks).All in all, though, it's a good place to drink a couple of great beers and people watch.
Basically just an great place to hang and be. Even on a Wednesday you'll find the tables pleasantly full but everything still feels very easy going.Grab yourself a table, utilize their wide beer selection though I can't really specify how big it is because I didn't get any. Watch for the random steps. Don't ask me how I know, but if you start dancing in the middle of the bar where a dance floor might fit- you might get a free shot of whiskey from/with the bartender and an invitation to a secret Montreal club from an onlooker. AKA the people are really friendly here!   This is place is an absolute haven on a cold night.
Beer lovers can find in Benelux a real haven. Their brew list changes constantly, although they normally have at least a beer of every kind on tap (IPA, lager, stout, wheat, bock, the lot). I've never tried their hot dog selection. One of the dogs is "the european", and being European myself I can attest to the thankfully low hot-dog's penetration rate into the old continent, or at least where it counts. So I have no idea what they concocted. Judging by their beers, however, it should be a tasty creation.Avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights unless you want to have your ears mauled by the loud ambience. Your other option is sitting outside (weather permitting), but service in that section is patchy.For an afternoon drink or a beer tasting moment on a quieter night Benelux has few rivals in Montreal. It is certainly the only such bar within a good half-mile range. Location betrays Benelux if you plan on continuing the night elsewhere. Either you walk to St-Laurent, Prince Arthur and Saint Denis (10-15 minutes), or to Crescent (20 minimum). On the good side, the area is usually easier to park in than downtown where the party is. But if you, as a good citizen, do not drink and drive, see my earlier point about walking. It will also help you smell less of beer when you appear before the face-controlling bouncer at your preferred nightclub.I am a regular and have my beer loyalties. If you do not want to commit to a full pint serving, try their taster menu where they bring out five 4-ounce glasses of different beers. A good starting point no doubt.
Totally cool brew pub (which also serves cocktails) with a large outdoor seating area and a pretty trendy look inside.  They brew their own beers here -- sit at the bar, if possible, and get all the taste samples you want.Everything here is of the Pacific Northwest bent: from the hipster, sexy bartenders to the interior's decor to the style of beers.  You'll feel like you're in Portland, Seattle or Vancouver once you step into this place.  Good value snacks ($11 for the "trio" appetizer consisting of almonds, olives, cheese & crackers) and hot dogs are on the menu, too.
This place was just meh. The blonde ale was good, but other than that, I've had much better elsewhere.I also don't really think this can honestly be considered a brewpub. The good menu is quite limited, i.e. "here are four sandwich options. If you want one, I'll take it pre-made out of this cooler, and put it in this here panini press right behind the counter."
The terrace in the summer is amazing. Best place in the summer for happy hour. I don't typically go here in the winter since the music is really loud and I prefer places where it is easier to converse with someone. Beer here is amazing but pricey.
Mediocre beer, indifferent service. Had a fairly tasteless brown ale, served by a cooler-than-thou waitress. Oh, and not cheap. Outside seating is nice on a summer day though - adjacent to the UQAM campus so nice people watching. Caution - cash only!
Fine microbrews butthis place gets crowded quickly.2 for 1 Wednesdays.
2 for 1 pints on Wednesdays is the only reason I frequent this place. It gets really crowded on this night especially when the students are in town, and it can be really fun. However, their prices have been creeping up over the years and their beers have gone downhill in terms of quality. The atmosphere is fun - large and open with bar seating - but the bathrooms are really disgusting and the bartenders, especially one I have in mind, are usually wasted. The bottom line: fun on Wednesdays for young 20-somethings where you can get 2 pints of gross to mediocre beer for $9.75.
Awesome beer.  Get there on Thursdays early for cask night.
If you like good bear and a server who knows what they're talking about, then go here now!I had been drinking great beer all week but this place has some specials that are definitely worth a try. The ambiance is great and if you buddy up with the bar tender he'll let you pick song requests. This is a great place to bring friends, or just chill for a bit. They have lots of seating and lots to drink so go already!
There are plenty of room at the brew pub to bring lots of friends. My boyfriend and I went on a weeknight and were greeted by a decent bartender and almost 20 other patrons enjoying their beers. They serve imperial pints so keep that in mind when you see the prices for the brews. I ordered the red ale and my boyfriend had an IPA there. Both were delicious, but the BF did admit he wished the bartender was a bit more knowledgeable about each of the beers.  However, it was nice night and I'm glad I checked it out.
Loved Benelux. The atmosphere was great - we sat outside until 11, then moved in for the rest of the evening. It was packed, even on a Tuesday. Beers were tasty - wish I had ordered another!
sat outside and took forever to get waited on. whatever. didn't have the beers I wanted to try (anything IPA), but the ones we ended up getting were still pretty good. went inside to try to find someone to pay for our beers and the place is really cool looking, literally and figuratively. wouldn't go back. there are better, busier places. maybe I just prefer cozier pubs...
Probably the best brewpub in Montreal.  They have amazing beers and the staff knows about them.  It can be quite crowded sometimes, but it is also quite possible to go there in the afternoon, enjoy a good beer while working (they have free wifi).
Wonderful, stylish atmosphere and amazing beers. If you like beer -at all- you have to go by and try their award-winning Ergot beer. I haven't tried the food yet but you bet I'll be going there again soon.
THE BEST YEH! SHOP IN MONTREAL!There's less people than the Eaton Center one and the Guy-Concordia one, and it's spacious, well decorated and comfortable. My friends and I have designated it our go-to hang out spot. VIVA YEH
Kinda a sad chain of frozen yogurt. Given the location of this specific store, you can't take it seriously either. It's nestled in a shady part of town, rampant with places called "Sex Village" and "Boutique Erotika". It's half a block away from a grimey strip club and surrounded by open late fast food joints fitting for the degenerate crowd wandering this sad street block.It simply does NOT compare to U.S. Red Mango and Pinkberry chains, or even any of the smaller lesser known chains. I sampled each flavor out of curiosity and each couldn't have been any more artificial. I would definitely not shell out any money out of pocket if you're visiting Montreal. I'll say the cashier was nice enough to give us multiple small sample paper cups, but the flavors are artificial and nothing special.
Love the yogurt there =) makes me feel less guilty when i eat yogurt!
Stopped here underground to get croissants for tomorrow's breakfast. Somehow walked home with another pastry too and macaroons and Mille fueille and tiramisu....oh yeah!So glad we walked home from there to work off the treats we bought!
I love everything about this place! The cakes, the bread, the smell of all goodies in there! Judging by the divine tastes, I am sure of the freshness and good quality of the ingredients, and I really appreciate the authenticity of the recipes. If I indulge myself a treat, I must admit I spend lots of time choosing, because I simply can't easily pick something from the huge variety of products! The almond croissant goes perfect with a beautiful morning espresso, what a good start for a delightful day!I want to add that bread is very good, probably the best I tried in North America.Highly recommended!
Boulangeroe Premiere Moisson may has the best pastry or croissant in Montreal. But its convenient location, right inside Gare Centrale and consistency is worth a 4 star.I always pick up some goodies for my train ride to Toronto. Croissants, French pastries and cakes and even a sandwich.I like how the lines are divided into different sections so the lines tends to be shorter and move faster. Making a decision on what to get at the pastry counter though can be a little challenging for a lot of customers as all their sweets looks pretty and tasty!Eating one or two or three of these buttery croissants just made the train ride so much enjoyable....
Love it...Love it....Love it....   This is my favorite chain bakery / patisserie in Montreal.    Everything I've had is well done and delicious.    Bread, pies and tarts, panini, cheese bread, etc....   You can not go wrong with La Premiere Moisson..    Several locations to choose from.      Come by and enjoy a delicious experience.
This bakery is located in the CN building in the food court. If you are entering from the Rue de la Gauchetière, across the street from bon aventure, the bakery is located at the back left hand side of the food court. It's also right next to the entrance that connects from place ville marie.Don't walk around the block looking for it. Like I did :(I got a few goodies from this bakery as I love baked goods. I didn't know what to expect when I went here but they had a pretty good selection from snacks, sandwiches to cakes and loafs of bread. Everything I got was pretty delicious.
I love their bakery selection. I wish I had more time in Montreal... Maybe too dangerous to stay longer. ; )We tried a plain croissant, almond croissant, chocolate croissant and apricot danish. All of them were good, but their almond croissant was excellent!We need Premiere Moisson in the US!
One of the best bakeries in town. I get the almond croissants every time I'm in montreal for work for breakfast.  I've also tried the chocolate croissant, mille-feuilles and the macaron.  Very good French pastry - somewhat pricy but totally worth it.Food: 5/5 (they have buttery croissants, and their almond style is the best)Service: 4/5 (not much service except you either have to get a number or just wait in line)Ambience: 4/5 (the brossard location has a nice cafe area where you can have the food indoors or outside in the terrace)Price: 3/5 (it's a little pricey with $3+ per pastry.)Tips: if you want to take some pastries, go early or later for some discounts (before 8am and after 5pm)
It's close to the central station. Not really english friendly though. They have lots of bakeries and cakes. I got a strawberry shortcake for my birthday. It is pretty but it's rectangular.. I prefer round ones.
Nestled in the Gare Centrale, this PM is a great option for a train traveler or local businessperson to grab a quick sandwich, or, if you're like me and don't want to pay out the nose for a tasty breakfast, grab a croissant or danish. All of their food is consistently good, with the standout being the divine almond croissant. Service is lightening fast and friendly. Prices are great. Highly recommended!
I only tried their sandwiches and viennoiseries (croissant and chocolatines).Both were good.
Very handy location of this place right inside busy Gare Centrale. Perfect for grabbing a sweet treat, sandwich or snack before a train ride. Love their butter croissants. Perfect combination of flakey on the outside and soft on the inside. Freshly made multiple times a day. Couldn't resist buying more than one! Lots of staff, ready to help you and make your transaction smooth and quick.
To get to this place from the street, walk through the garage into the train station, through the train station past all the VIA Rail Canada passengers, to deep within the food court at the back.I was surprised to see such acclaim for a place within a train-station food court, but it was well worth the detour.  The almond croissant was just about perfect.  Coffee was good, too.
Almond Chocolate CroissantCoffeeRepeat (for three days)
Can we trade all the Panera for Premiere Moisson in the etats unis?I always bought pastries like a fat kid on a shopping spree while here. And one time I almost choked on excitement when I saw they had a $1 a piece pineapple white cheesecake special.
Where do I begin? I no longer eat wheat but I'll make an exception for this place. Their bread selection is excellent, and it's always fresh. My personal favorite is the sourdough walnut bread. It's purple but don't let that throw you off. I also love their skinny cheese baguettes. After you've taken a bite, you won't want to share - and I don't blame you. They're delicious!They offer a variety of freshly made sandwiches - the chicken salad is excellent but then, everything is good there. Their desserts are, in my opinion, masterpieces. Not only are they positively fabulous in taste, but they look great. I mean, I sometimes look at their cakes or pastries and it pains me to demolish them - they're just so pretty. Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything that you buy here, or in any other Premiere Moisson. They offer freshness and quality, in addition to a wonderful selection of delectable items. Yummo. The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is because they can be a little on the pricey side, but in my opinion, they're well worth it.
So delicious, so many choices, so fresh.. What more can you ask for? I even got some for free! Premiere Moisson had a promotion on Facebook a little while ago where you could print out a coupon and get a free loaf of bread. I couldn't believe how generous they were and how gigantic the bread actually was. It was perfect on its own, with butter or toasted, for sandwiches etc.Liking them on Facebook has its perks, I found another promotion where I could obtain a free lunch bag.I was already a fan of this bakery for simple classics like butter or chocolate croissants, they are the best in town! So flakey and buttery.Their cheesecakes are another of my favorite, truly rich and decadent, far superior to other cheesecakes I've had in restaurants considering this is one of my favorite desserts. The Premiere Moisson located in the train station is often busy but the lines move fast - staff is used to handling this kind of volume and they know how to meet the demand.
A nice variety of items, about $2 each pastry. I had a chocolatine, which tasted like any other chocolate pastry. but their chausson aux pommes is really delightful! 100% real butter with apple puree inside. Crispy on outside and delectable. Great little patisserie at the Gare Centrale.
All bakery items bought were excellent.Was there visiting town in jan 2014 on a Sunday had almond croissants and various breads. I agree they have high quality cakes and prices reasonable for what you re getting.
We checked Yelp for a great bakery and walked about 20 minutes to get here, just to find out it's in a train station.  Luckily, this is no Panera.  Everything looked delicious!  We settled on some chocolate almond croissants (chocolatine aux amandes).  Sadly, they were more cake-y than flaky, but they were still pretty tasty.  I would give the croissant 3 stars, but am bumping the review up because everything else looked amazing and I would definitely frequent this if I worked in the area.
Best almond croissant ever. Really good hazelnut flavor in the gatêau de fête. Decent opera cake.Very surprising o find high quality cakes and pastries here. Do not miss it if you're at this central train station in Montreal.
If we had been lucky enough to get the fresh pastries, I think our rating would be a bit higher, but unfortunately cold and not-so-fresh pastries just don't achieve their full potential.  We got the Almond Croissant, Chocolate almond croissant (both pretty tasty) and the chocolate and chocolate caramel macaroons.  Were a bit surprised that at 2pm the macaroons already tasted a bit stale, but if they had just warmed up the pastries and had given them to us they would have been much, much better.  The croissants are kind of expensive, which was a bit of a put off since it didn't feel like it was worth it in the end--though we can def see how tasty they would be when fresh!
Best almond croissant ever! Everything looks so good. Can't wait to return to Montreal to have another.  At least as good as any bakery I've visited in Paris..wish there was one in Ottawa
Multiple locations in Montreal. This gourmet one-stop-shop for on-the-go/take-a-way options (from sweets, savory and everything in between) ended up being my last meal in the city.  While waiting to board our train back  to TO, boyfriend made a quick stop at Premiere Moisson in search for breakfast.  We heard about the establishment through some prior research online.  He came back with his vice...coffee and two kinds of croissants - it was buttery, rich and sweet.  Then it was my turn; I ended up making a selection for lunch with an order for a small wedge of brie, two kinds of pate and a demi-baguette.  Still noshing on the goods and it's certainly making our 5 hour journey via rail that much more enjoyable.  Person behind the counter was very helpful albeit my lack of knowledge per cheeses, pate and the fine art of French.
Hubby and I hit this place up for breakfast while visiting Montrea. We hadn't realized it was in one of the food courts of the underground city, so we killed 2 birds with one stone - score! Tried there coffee which was better than starbucks. We also shared one of their baguette with salmon sandwiches which was phenomenal, and a chocolate tart which was crazy decadent.
Great place to stop for a pastry and coffee or tea in the lovely Montreal train station. The staff is terrific.
Miam! You would not expect this from a fast paced-bakery in a super busy Central Station, but it's true: high quality and incredibly fresh. This particular location has a few counters serving many types of food including sandwiches, salads, desserts, breads, and many other baked goods. I came down here often for lunch during my stay at the Fairmont, as it is right below  the hotel, and I had a chance to sample some of their sandwiches and Viennese pastries. I could not get enough of this place! My favourite hands down was the "chocolatine aux amandes".  Can't go wrong with 100% pur beurre!!!
Five stars for the croissants! I'm glad that I got to try their croissants before leaving Montreal. I tried to use google maps to find the bakery.  Google directed me to the underground tunnels and I was unsuccessful the first time round. I asked the Westin concierge for directions and she directed me to gare centrale, the train station. So much easier to find above ground. I tried the croissant, chocolate croissant, and the chocolate almond croissant. I liked the chocolate croissant the best. The chocolate almond croissant was good but on the sweet side. My hubby preferred the chocolate almond. I wanted to have cafe au lait with my croissants, but they only had regular coffee.  The salads and bread also looked great, but I didn't get to try anything else.
The Premiere Moisson is located below the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth Hotel and I stopped by three days in a row for a croissant and jam (sublime) and then went across to Tim Hortons for a large coffee (v good). This is what bakeries should be like.
The smell of fresh bread tempts me every time I walk through the train station.  Everything I've ever had here has been delicious, especially the olive fougassette (about $2), pain au raisins (about $2.50) and sesame pain biologique (about $4). The service is efficient and friendly. The other morning I was even given two croissants for the price of one because the cashier said the first one she gave me was too small. Yum.
I often get a sandwich for lunch from Premiere Moisson. Today was roast beef, caramelized onions and cheese (can't remember what kind) on a fresh baguette. Needless to say, I was a little sad when I finished it. When I'm not in the mood for a sandwich, the olive bread or one of their many focaccias hits the spot. I love bread... Enough said.
For a stand in a metro station, I was pretty dang impressed.  I tried the spinach and cheese roule, the bacon and cheese bread, and an eclair, and both were excellent. I am drooling over the thought of them now, even, and when I go back to Montreal this is one of the top places on my list to return for lunch or a quick snack.
Tried the chocolate and almond croissant - la chocolatine aux amandes. Deliciously buttery, but waayyyy too sweet for my taste. If you love sugar, then you'll probably like this.Also tried the fig, blue cheese, and pecan bread. While yummy, there was a bit of an overkill on the blue cheese which made it pretty salty. Once you took off some of the filling, it was much tastier.For a chain pâtisserie, it's pretty good. But I'll keep looking for better on my next trip to Montréal.
Below the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth lies the Gare Centrale, and its warren of shops, cafes, and Premiere Moisson.The first time I ventured down into the train station, I saw a queue of people at Premiere Moisson. And as soon as I looked into the display cases and saw the fantastic-looking pastries, I knew why. It became my daily ritual to leave the hotel, descend into the subterranean shopping mall, and immediately get in line at the boulangerie."Une chocolatine aux amandes, SVP." These chocolate and almond croissants were good enough to rival my local favorites at Fleur de Cocoa: crisp and flaky on the outside, and full of chocolatey, almondy goodness on the inside. I am envious of the commuters who are able to stop here every day on their way to work!
Yum yum. Love Premier Moisson! This location is a little crazy, however, with lots and lots of traffic and the general chaos of people moving around a lot to get to and from their trains. Same great baked goods as other locations, but I'd not come here unless I was getting on a train. The Sherbrooke St. location is much, much better. Way more relaxing and clam. Definitely get the cafe au lait, the almond croissants and the cheese bread.
I look forward to arriving or switching trains at the Gare Centrale, just so I can stop and buy pastries here. There is always a long line but it is completely worth it. At Christmas they sell these mini bûches de Noël with chocolate ganache, pear, raspberry, caramel, and hazelnut flavours. They are so rich and delicious that I usually don't get around to saving the cakes for my friends and family back home. Their almond croissants and pains au chocolat are mouthwatering, as are their small tiger-eye hazelnut cakes. Surprisingly, their savory selection is just as good. We had an amazing vegetarian sandwich with some kind of flavourful smoky lentil mushroom pâté on nutty crusty bread. It was so unexpectedly good that when we got back from our destination, we went back for seconds (but unfortunately the sandwich was not featured that day). They also sell spreads, local cheeses and other gourmet items here. By the way, I've been to another location in Marché Atwater which I remember being just as consistently great. Bottom line: do not miss this place if you're ever in the vicinity of the downtown train station!
Bakery chain with good croissants. Haven't tried anything else yet?
I enjoyed a super flavorful cheeseburger from this truck at Osheaga. It was small but the price was right. It was topped with good quality lettuce, tomato and onions. It was cooked perfectly and just the right amount of juicy for walking while eating.My only complaint is that they don't let you know that the hamburger is actually a cheeseburger, and my hubby in his Jewish wisdom won't eat cheese on meat, so I wasn't able to give him a bite.
Next up, there was the Winneburger from the fine folks at Nouveau Palais on Bernard street in Mile End. This old school looking winnebago serves up classic summer BBQ fare - burgers, chips, milkshakes and lemonade. I decided to go for the regular burger and a lemonade to get a sense of their offerings.The lemonade was solid - sweet and freshening. Perfect for the hot summer during which it was consumed. The burger came with cheese, onions, lettuce and a tomato. This was a perfectly executed classic burger. The beef patty was nice and juicy without being too messy to eat on the go. The bun had the right level of crunch on the outside with the nice soft interior. All the vegetables were fresh and classic for a burger. This burger is exactly the kind one hopes for when having a nice BBQ back home. Just a classic item done right. Quite nice.
Love it. The Winneburger (truck edition) is a delightfully sharp attempt to serve american classics (cheeseburgers, in particular) without relying on going overboard with size and toppings. So sharp, in fact, that all I'm going to talk about is the burger.Small bun? Check. Two patties, bacon, cheese? It's all there. And yet it's one of the quickest food truck eats; a perfect lead-up before you reach for something adventurous. It's everything you want out of a burger fest with half the work.The flip-side, of course, is that if you want to be filled you'll want two. But I say this is burger tapas - meant to be gobbled and savored as you wait out the lineup at a truck or coffee shop.
Pizzédélic never disappoints me! I can't seem to stay away from the Bouzouki pizza, which has roasted figs, walnuts and blue cheese, with a super salty sausage that's more like lean bacon. The other great one is the Chili con Carne: a ton of cilantro, blob of sour cream in the middle, and just enough beans. Hey, they have a decent wine selection, too! It's a warm, funky interior in this place and the service is wonderful. It's good for a romantic date or a family get-together. OH: the cheesecake options! OMG. Stay away if you value your self-respect! These gluttonous wonders will do. you. in. Just a hop, skip and a jump away from the Mont Royal metro. I'm smitten.
This restaurant was unequivocally one of the best  restaurants in Plateau Mont Royal. They offer a plethora of selections for their thin crust pizzas and pastas. The pizza was cooked to perfection and flavorful. One can actually bite into the pizza without worrying about it being too hard,soggy, or nasty . The staff was very friendly and were willing to help translate the menu for us, since we didn't speak French. The overall scenery was very urban chic and you have the option to eat indoors or outdoors. Overall I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone just strolling by the area.
Pizza was okay. Quite a lot of toppings, and the toppings were tasty (can't remember the name of the pizza, but it was the one with goat cheese, ham, figs, etc). I got the large size (11"), which was more than enough. Only complaint is that the crust/ base is pretty bad. It's like store bought pizza base. Wife got the pasta, and she mentioned that it was only okay. Location is cool, service is friendly, and they did have a DJ during dinner time (the noise level wasn't overwhelming... we were on the outside patio and didn't have to raise our voices). Also, it's pretty kid friendly. One child can get a kids pizza for $1 with purchase of an adults pizza. And they give crayons.
I wish there could be seasonal stars... I would give it four stars for the summer and three stars for the winter because I didn't think that either the food or the atmosphere themselves were that special, but I think it's a pretty wonderful place to sit outside and people watch with a drink and a snack when the weather is nice.The pizza is nothing to write home about, but it was definitely welcome as we were hungry and very happy to eat. Split a larger sized "Teen Spirit' which was definitely enough food for two when combined with the chorizo app and a couple of beers. If it were sightly cheaper I would be more enthusiastic but I'm not sure the quality of food really met the price.The service was fine and the restrooms were clean.
I really don't get the negative complaints.Pizzedelic is in a great location, presents a trendy yet casual atmosphere, offers a brilliant and diverse menu and - bottom line - the pizza is very good; being from Boston, I should know!  Now, I'm not going to say it is the best pizza I experienced (that was actually in London), but will say that if you find yourself in the Plateau neighborhood of Montreal one lazy afternoon, and are in the mood for pizza while you sit and watch the world pass you by on Mont-Royal Est, this is the place to go.    A meal that is relaxing, offers reasonable pricing, and presents a nifty vibe easily makes  a fan out of me!
Nice place. Good food, DJ in place and the atmosphere was awsome. I would recommend the smoked salmon pizza.
We ordered a 3-cheese pizza, salad and a pasta. The pizza was good, it had a thin crust and it was square(???). Does it change anything taste-wise? I don't think so. The pasta was very good. The salad might be improved but this doesn't mean that it was bad.They have a very spacious dining hall as well as sidewalk seating arrangement on Rue Mont-Royal and  on Brébeuf Street. Sitting in the dining hall is almost as good as sitting outside because they have big French windows and the tables are placed close to these windows to give maximum outdoor eating effect. The service was quick and efficient. All in all a very good experience.
I absolutely loved the pizza I ordered. I got the Tyrolienne.. Mushrooms in white wine, smoked ham...The place is in a nice location, has a patio and a live DJ. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in Montreal.
Nice service and a good location. Unfortunately the positives end there, the pizza we had was awful, tasted like store bought frozen pizza. Also had a salad that was not good, very bitter greens and the dressing was bland. Would not recommend.
I used to live in New York so maybe I have super high standards for pizza. But I really disliked my pizza and would never return. It was crunchy, dry, and the ingredients certainly did not taste fresh. The service was so-so (not very friendly). The decor was nice.
Pizzadelic had pretty good pizza. I wouldn't say that it was amazing, but it was tasteful enough. This was one of their specialty pizzas.
This was the worst pizza I've ever had.  The crust tastes like stale crackers.  The service is ok and the location is fine, somewhat up-scale fast food, but the pizza was close to inedible.  The salads (even the larger) were also quite skimpy for the price.
It's ok. Nothing special.
The pizza was good - a nice light, thin, crispy crust, with a good selection of ingredients.The vegetable bisque was tasty as well - it would have been perfect with a dollop of sour cream.We came in with a party of 39, and they fed us all quite admirably. A friend at the table had a salad with duck, which she proclaimed fantastic.Beer, wine and soda served. A good place for a quick, tasty, bite on your way.
I liked their pizza. If you like thin crust pizza this place is for you.
There is Pizza with a capital P. The down and dirty, New York-style, fold-em-and-eat-em slices of grease-laden goodness.And then there is pizza with a lower case p. You know the kind. It's served in restaurants usually followed by the words "gourmet," with some sort of "concept."  Pizzedelic, the vaguely psychedelic-themed restaurant, fits into the latter category. Oh sure, it has the usual suspects on the menu. The pepperoni, the basil/tomato/mozzarella. There's probably an all-dressed which is the Montreal equivalent to a pizza with pepperoni, onions and green peppers in the states.But then they have the pizza "nirvana" portion of the menu which includes the hawaiian, the indian, and a caper and argula pizza, too. sort of Spago, but like, fifteen years after the fact.All in all, the cheese-to-sauce to toppings ratio at Pizzedelic is equal, but light on all counts. The crust? It's more of a matzo-cracker style than anything approaching a traditional yeast-grown hand-tossed dough. Thin and crunchy. So does it count as Pizza with a capital P? No. Does the feta and kalamata olive combination have just the right amount of fresh and salty goodness for me to forget that it is not Pizza with a capital P and keep ordering it every time I go there? Almost.The service is hit or miss. Hit as in friendly. Miss as in "Uh, you, there, chatting with your friends for fifteen minutes, think I could get my check now? Please? no? Okay, how about in ten minutes? Maybe? Okay, thanks."I tend to go for pick up. I know they deliver but I live ten seconds walking distance away. The delivery includes a spicy olive oil that is a nice touch and keeps the crust from drying out too much. They have two different websites. One website is bilingual, but it is only for the locations on st-laurent and notre dame. The second website, at a completely different address, comes up in english first, and is only for the restaurant's location in the plateau.  why? because it's montreal, silly.
Thin, square (that's their gimmick 'our pizza is in a square shape') dry chain-resteraunt pizza that's forgettable. Salads also uninspired.
cute place! looks like an old car garage as in for fixing.walked by and saw square red baron like pizzas, was hungry and stopped in. the menu has a lot of options many of which are inventive little pizzas from thai styled to spanish. we went with the andalucian one, cause it reminded me of home (spain).the house red wine wasnt bad either!The pizza was good, if you like that style of pizza (frozen pizza) but want it to not suck like Red Baron. The Anadaluce was good, but i swear it had some form of sausage that wasn't chorizo, it tasted more like andoille or regular suasaginess.
I am a big big fan of Pizzadelic.  This restaurant/brand has been around for a long while, probably since 1995ish as far back as I can remember.  Probably longer.  They ended up expanding to many locations around Montreal and Quebec ... and THAILAND!  I actually recall surfing the Internet enjoying one of these exotic gourmet pizzas in Phuket, Thailand in 1997! wow ... that was a long time ago.Whatever -- not a "chain", but certainly consistent quality.  This one up on the plateau is great for lounging around, serves alcohol too!  My other fav location in Montreal is on St. Denis near Ontario st.Every pizza they offer is a taste sensation that you may not have guessed.  Their classic thin crust gives it a very light feeling, not to sit like a PizzaHut brick in your gut allowing you to skip to my lou out and about on your merry way.  Enjoy some Pizzadelic already.Cheers!
This place would fair better in a town with fewer food options. The pizza is... ok. The service is plain slow. Location is great and they do have a street side terrace, just don't be in a hurry.
It's been a while since I've been to Pizzedelic, so I thought it would be fun to give it a try again. My wife and I had dinner here this week with our 2 year old son, and I was very surprised by the poor quality food and the terrible service. First let's start with the food. We started with some cod fritters that were overcooked and barely had any cod in then. Then my chicken pizza was so dry and tasteless that I felt like I was eating a piece of cardboard. It was barely edible, and I did not enjoy it at all. My wife had a pasta dish and she thought it was OK but not great, so obviously not all of the food is bad. They have a great deal on a kids pizza - it's just $1 if an adult orders a regular pizza. I actually liked my son's plain cheese pizza better than mine. Now the service. It's obvious that the owners hire based on looks, not skill (is that legal?). Everyone is very attractive, but you can tell they hate working there. They did not seem happy that we had a baby, and they did the bare minimum to get us set up with a table. When my son accidentally knocked over and broke a glass (kids will be kids) several of the staff noticed, but not one person came over to help us. We ended up cleaning it all up ourselves. It took us about 5 minutes to get it all clean, and during this time no one came by to see if we needed any assistance, they just totally ignored us. I have never had that happen before at a restaurant. They brought our food, they took our money, all without a smile. These are unhappy people. So I give them 1 star for my wife's pasta, and 1 star for the price of the kids food. But I highly suggest you find a different place to eat.
Great service, decent food. Pizza, was subpar.. We had the veggie pizza, odd crust.. Not what we are used to in the NYC area. Pasta was very good. Might return.
We had a great meal here - kids enjoyed their slightly overpriced pasta (and Shirley Temples) and we had a really nice meal of flatbread pizza and pasta.  The service was very friendly and the atmosphere was perfect as we sat beside the open air window.
The only thing this lousy Pizzedelic location has going for it is a nice location on Mont-Royal, some good outdoor seating, and funky decor. Otherwise, the food and service is downright bad. Our waitress was dismissive and our food barely edible. My pasta was overcooked, the sauce watery and the mushrooms tasted canned, not fresh. The pizza crust is weird - flatbread like and dry. DEFINITELY drizzle some olive oil over it or you'll feel like you're eating cardboard. A disappointing dinner.
If you like coal or brick oven pizza as I do, you would NOT like pizza here. I was very disappointed. Yeah, the square-shaped pizza was cute and creatively and all, but served lukewarm, not crispy, toppings not fresh.The only exciting thing happened while we were there:We sat by the window (the entire wall was an open window). A topless man rushed in and shouting in French which I had no clue. He made all staff came out to block him from jumping into the cashier counter. I was disappointed that no one explained to us what was happening. Anyway, the half naked man left, still with great unknown rage. And a few minutes later, a cop car pooled over like it would do in a movie. The cop car only made a noise when crossing the road (unlike any cop cars in Manhattan "alarming" all the time). Two handsome well-fitted young cops came out of the car and asked a person on the street where the man was. They ran into the pointed store across the street. I was like "so cool". My bf said at least this pizzeria offered some good view on this live cop show.
I've been there a few times now and every time my friends and I are very please with what we get. The service is always very nice, the decor is absolutely adorable and the food is very tasty at a very good priceI especially love their chicken katsu, it's always very nice an crispy! I'm also a fan of their coconut bubble tea! I'm very happy it's close to where I live; I'll definitely be going there again soon!
Came here to try the green tea crepe cake. It was really good!! The first few bites were really bitter, but soon I found out that there were too much green tea powder on top. Then I took out the top layer, it was 100% better! I no longer need to go to NYC/LA to have Lady M's crepe cake!!!They also have some other flavours that are not on the menu, like durian!!! Will definitely come back to try that. Heard really good things about their honey toast!But other than that, their drinks were nothing spectacular.
Their food is very good, especially the honey toast and seaweed salad. The sauce of the salad tastes wonderful. I will definitely go there second time.
Chicha is a quirky and eccentric sort of place. It is kind of a cross between café, restaurant and hangout. They specialise in a sort of Chinese/colonial/Japanese inspired fusion I guess? I don't quite know but everything I've had there has been very very very good. There is this salt and pepper crusted fried mushroom that is excellent. I also get the vegetarian mushroom ramen soup. Specify that you want the vegetarian broth if you don't want to eat any meat. Ask for some Chinese chilli oil to kick it up a notch. Then there is the Japanese-style veggie tempura rice bowl, which is exactly what it sounds like, a bowl of rice with tempura vegetables on top. If you order this, I suggest that you ask that they forego the onion tempura because it's basically onion rings and for me that's not really worthy tempura material. I want some sweet potato, regular potato, broccoli, asparagus and zucchini when it comes to tempura. Have a pot of tea. They've got quite an extensive selection. They also serve some fascinating sweet dishes as well. Try them if you feel like it. My only qualm about this place doesn't get enough business. Come on people! That would make me go from four stars to like four and a half. I always enjoy speaking with the manager, Olivia, about all things Chinese! Now I know a bit more about China and delicious food ... which is always welcomed. Mmm congee. She is quite friendly and also amazingly knowledgeable about the ins and outs of the Chinese restaurant industry in Montréal. In fact, I wish that she were the owner here. I bet she'd make it a five star sort of operation. So check it out, say hello for me and enjoy a warming bowl of soup.
Attention!! This is a really cute cafe that just opened! Food is excellent, service is great, and ambiance is nice. I really recommend their rose oolong latte, I think it was the best tea latte I ever had...it was made not too sweet according to my request. Their baked goods are awesome too like the pastry puff that had fresh cream put inside when I decided to buy it. I had also ordered the salt and pepper popcorn chicken with rice and I thought the portion was really good, not too much food. I think this place deserves more exposure because I thought everything was really tasty.Perfect place to go for coffee, snacks, meals when you are in the NDG area, particularly near Vendome metro.
What a cute lil place! It's super close to Vendome metro and has lots of tasty bubble tea and food and decent seating to chill / study / whatever. There were only a few people there which was nice because I didn't feel rushed to leave but I hope they're getting enough business. I had katsudon (if I remember correctly) and a ceylon milk tea and both were really good. Service was friendly and fast. They take debit but no credit I believe. I'll come back whenever I'm in the area :-)
I was pleasantly surprised by the very tasty Asian dishes. I started with the traditional wonton soup which was fresh and abundant. Then I ordered a chicken tori-Katsu Don at a very reasonable $9.99. The crispy chicken breasts were light, perfectly roasted and crispy. The rice and egg were a pleasant surprise as I scooped up a sweet sauce that was dribbled all over the rice. The service is personable and quick. We were served lemon water and a hot strawberry green tea. I know I will be back to try the rest of their menu especially the Yasai Tempura Rice, Special Braised Beef Rice, and Pan fried Dumplings. There is something for everyone. Cheers to the new opening! Or like they say in Chinese: GON BAY! Which actually means "Drain your glass." At one point in time, people in China actually expected you to drain your glass as quickly as you could. But nowadays, the Chinese Cheers! doesn't require you to drink it all in one gulp!
I have been to chicha three times and have little complain regarding to their food. My friends I usually have debit cards on us but this time we all forget bringing it (they were the first time there and I took them because I was impressed by the level of their desert and service). This time, We have no choice but to use credit cards paying the bill, however the owner insisted their machine could not take credit card payments even if we offered that we could pay the service charge. They rudely asked us to go to a pharmacy to advance some cash even if we told him only debit cards can do cash advance. Ironically, we saw the owner was completely silent about a white guy using his MBNA master card to pay, moreover, he lied on our face by saying he was using his debit ok? We did not ask that white guy to reveal the lie from the owner just for the sake of politeness. We are not blind so please don't fool us. Anyways, we ended up saying to him "try the credit card if it is not being approved we will go to get you cash. He was still telling us his feebly lies again and again by claiming he may not receive our payment... I don't think I will go their cafe again based on today's terrible experience and I strongly suggest people who think they are CHINESE, yes, CHINESE people, do NOT go there and experience such an unfair thing!!
Super casual, very helpful and friendly service. The only place in montreal where we've found "oyakodon" cooked in the authentic Japanese style. I would give this place more stars if it didnt feel so "diner-ish" and if there was better ventilation. (A bit stuffy and air is stale from all the cooking).Maybe I'm just a piggy but I want a smidge more in my portions. :) (Even if it's just more plain white rice to go with my curry!)
I been here a couple of times and will be going back again. The food is some of the best Asian food I have ever tasted. The meat is actually meat (I hope you understand my meaning). There is a wide range of teas which are very good. Everything is home made, and I am excited to try the brunch menu.
Second visit here and the food has only improved. The first time we ordered tea and appetizers (tempura plate and dumplings) which were both delicious and fresh. This time we stopped in for lunch. I ordered the peanut chicken with rice and my boyfriend had the spicy chicken ramen soup. We were both extremely happy with our dishes. Chicken was well cooked pieces of breast. The peanut sauce was delicious, creamy with peanut chunks. The noodles were by far the best part - chewy, stood up well against the broth, never got soggy and best of all, homemade. Highly recommend.
Zoe's food truck mostly serves big portion delicious sandwiches!I tried their Sloppy Jane sandwich ($8) the other day and it was amazing!It's filled with minced hamburger meat with chili and coleslaw. Nom!There's so much filling inside that after eating the sandwich I still had a meal's worth of meat and chili left.
Famished, after a dizzying 25 minute of detours an endless sea of orange cones which are so endearing to inhabitants of Montreal, I luckily spotted a cluster of food trucks near Place du Canada and decided to stop by Zoe's Food Truck for a quick bite. Greeted by energetic owner Zoe Dalakas herself I was faced with the difficult decision between today's choice of jerk chicken or lamb sloppy joe pita sandwich. Zoe quickly convinced me to try messy and flavorful lamb pita - definitely ht the spot! With over 14 years of experience in the food business from kitchen to management to catering, the city should be proud of the passion and entrepreneurship of this woman restaurateur who brings us freshly prepared Mediterranean inspired meals.Do stop by and get to know Zoe and her crew, you will be impressed and perhaps inspired by their passion to start your own food truck! Note: Keep your eyes peeled for an important announcement.
good tasty food but service is way too slow! it makes you wonder if the food is really good and your expectation kind of go up only to be slightly disappointed by the delivery.portions are huge, price is amongst the cheapest but its the damn service. my stomach can't wait that long.i'd go back for those donuts though
A nice Sunday on Mont-Royal. The first one in the while. The sun is out, the tams tams are starting to play and hey, whaddaya know? More food trucks to enjoy! This time around, I get the chance to try La Sandwicherie Zoe's and their gourmet sandwiches. Always love a good sandwich so I was very much looking forward to trying out this outfit.On this day, Zoe's was offering a couple of sandwich options with two sidedishes and some desserts. Off the bat, I am a big fan of offering both small and large versions of each sandwich as it allowed me to try both in one shot! Wonderful!First up though, I decided to try out the tempura vines. Vine leaves stuffed with rice fried in tempura and served with a yogourt sauce. A very unique dish - loved the texture differences between the leaf, the rice and the crispy tempura coating. The yogourt sauce in theory added a nice cool creaminess to the dish however I personally felt the sauce to be too liquid so it didn't coat very well to the fried vines. The flavour was quite good so it is a minor complaint.Now on to the sandwiches. The first option was the "Figure-tastique" - grilled chicken, poached figs, goat cheese pesto and some arugula in a fresh bun. When you first get the sandwich, you are stuck by the green color of the pesto. The bread is nice and moist and the chicken was grilled well without being dry. Absolutely loved the sweetness of the figs and the arugula added a little pepper to the mix. I was a little let down by the pesto because it didn't end being as strong of a pesto flavour as I had expected. The goat cheese creates a nice creamy texture to it however. In the end, I enjoyed the sandwich but would have loved more pesto and more figs!The second sandwich was "La Cochonne" - Roasted pork flank, coleslaw and Coing confit. Loved this sandwich from A to Z. The Flank had a nice fattyness to it and the slaw adds some freshness and crunch. The real surprise here for me was the coing. Never had this particular fruit before but it added a wonderful tropical sweetness to the sandwich which paired very nicely with that pork. I will definitely order the large version of this one next time I have a chance!Finally for dessert, I tried the Brownie Pop. My phone ate the picture for some reason so no visual support for this one - essential a mini brownie on a popsicle stick. A little disappointed here. The brownie had a nice chocolate taste however it was a little dry so once I bite into it, it completely fell apart off the stick it had been stuck on. Also, they add crushed peanut in the dish to come with the brownie. However, there is no chocolate sauce or anything sticky on the outside of the brownie for said peanuts to attach to, so you just end up eat it separately. Would have been nice to combine the peanut to the brownie to create a nice textured bite. Again, just a minor detail but one that could have made a difference.All in all, loved the unique sandwich combos and the overall menu of Zoe's. A few minor quips here and there but nothing to discourage anyone from trying out Zoe's if you are in the mood for a good sandwich. Check em' out!Cheers!
I used to live a few houses from here, luckily I still get to pass in the area on my way to my son's daycare since this place is a real gem. If you are looking for an awesome boutique beer, a unique cider, great quality meat, stinky cheese or just a plain good pastry then give this place a visit.They have an impressive selection of boutique beer's and ciders, fresh and not pricey pastries everyday, a variety of meat cuts  and this is a Fromaferie after all :)If you are in the area and want something good to eat, or want to buy the "good stuff" home go there and thank me later
Wilensky's has been around since '32 and was opened up by Moe Wilensky.  Originally located on St. Urbain and Fairmount, the restaurant has been at its current location since '52.  It's currently run by the wife, Ruth, and her children, Asher and Sharon.  The hubs and I came here and we were surprised at how it seemed as if we traveled back in time.  There was only counter seating, so we just made ourselves comfortable on the stools.  They are famous for their 'Special,' which is grilled beef salami and grilled beef bologna, topped with mustard, all set on a kaiser roll, which is then pressed flat on the grill - you can have a side of sweet or sour pickles (I recommend the sour) - it was a lovely combination!  The sandwich itself isn't greasy at all, but just crispy from being pressed; the beef salami and the bologna were meaty and tasty, and I loved the simplicity of them only being topped with mustard.  I also had to get their hand-mixed soda, so I got their special cherry soda - it was delicious!  Ms. Sharon was super sweet and was super informative, and she had a great sense of humor.  The place has been featured on magazines and on food shows, but the fame doesn't seem to faze them at all (there was even a local newspaper photographer who was there, just taking pictures).  Definitely a cute little gem to check out :D+the Wilensky 'Special'+sour pickles+handmixed cherry soda+ask for Ms. Sharon :D
Their special sandwich is simplest sandwich ever and SO good: a roll with bologna, salami, cheese (swiss or cheddar) with mustard on a flat, grilled roll.I never even loved mustard until I tried it on this sandwich. It really adds so much to the sandwich. Line moved quick, sandwiches were cheap, AND I was pretty full.The sandwich will make you feel nostalgic, and so will the décor. Full of old school CDs and books.
Wilensky's is Montreal nostalgia and heritage at its finest. It has been in business since 1932 and is very much a family run business. If you have ever read Mordecai Richler's "The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz" then you will relate to this lunch counter from a bygone era. It is a relic from the days when the Main was the area where Jewish families settled, lived and ran businesses. Most have moved on, however, Wilensky's remains.The menu is simple and straight forward. The special is an all-beef salami/bologna sandwich with light mustard served on a bun, on top of a single napkin (no plate) price $4.70, no tipping. All specials contain mustard. They also serve cokes, cherry colas and cream sodas made from syrup, old fashioned style, mixed in front of you, at the counter. There are pickles and assorted sausages available as well. The sign says light lunch and this is precisely what it is, more or less an excellent snack, and no frills. The ambiance is definitely unique. There are about 6-8 stools at a lunch counter. The walls are plastered with newspaper clippings and articles from decades passed. There are photos of famous people who have stopped in. My eye caught one with Anthony Bourdain from CNN. There is also a book shelf that sells second hand books and CD's for a buck.  I actually found some incredible CD's here. Anytime that I am in the Plateau/Mile End district I stop by Wilensky's for a special and nostalgic blast from the past of a Montreal I remember not so long ago. Classic experience!
*The shop was featured on Mind of a Chef with Anthony Bourdain and David Chang of Momofuku*Note that if you don't like mustard, do not come to this place. They will not take out the mustard or cut the sandwich in half for you, that's just how they have been serving since 1932! *this is more of a grab-and-go place. *The staff behind the counter were friendly and happy to discuss about the shop and its history. *there aren't any fancy plates utensils here. All the sandwiches were served on a napkin or in a brown bag.-Wilensky's special (made with all-beef bologna and salami and swiss cheese) - $5The sandwich was GLORIOUS. So simple yet so good. If you don't know what kind of cheese to choose, I would recommend the swiss cheese over the cheddar as the former is a bit milder, which would enhances the flavor of the sandwich. I regret not ordering the pickles and their soda as I heard Wilensky has syrups in house that they mix with soda, and there are so many flavors to choose from!
Wilensky's is fucking glorious.  There's no other way to describe it.Yes, I realize it's touristy (now) and it's riding on the whole nostalgia factor and the stern rules gives it a unique charm.But seriously, the Wilensky's Special is probably the best $3.90 you can spend on food.  The skill is in the simplicity - grilled beef salami and bologna with mustard on a flat-grilled kaiser roll with your choice of cheddar or swiss.I rolled by for lunch and grabbed a Special with some pickles and one of their house-made sodas.  Then I went patio drinking at Dieu Du Ciel down the street.... then I came back to grab  another Special while drunk.  And it was damned good on both counts.It's impossible to not like this place.
This is a great little spot for a quick light lunch. It's totally hyped - and not glamorous in person, but I truly enjoyed my Wilensky Special + swiss cheese, and a side of pickle and beef karnatzl. They make their own flavoured soda on the spot which is kind of neat. I had the cherry coke and was happy with it. my bill came to 8.05 with tax. Not too shabby!
A Montreal legend which has been there FOREVER. Very colourful staff full of stories if you can get them talking. Try the Wilensky's Special with swiss cheese, sour pickle, and one of their sodas. I recommend the cherry cola.
A must-try place if visiting from out of town!The typical order is the "Wilensky's Special". It's an all-beef salami and all-beef Bologna, grilled, in a roll with mustard.  You may ask to have it with Kraft singles cheese or Swiss.   (You cannot ask to have it cut in half, or without mustard).The decor is nostalgic; photos of loyal customers since its opening in 1932.  Seating is only at the counter, thus, limited seats.  But don't worry, you can take it to go. It's a fast eat.  If you really need seats, then know that the turnaround time is quick; nobody lingers.The food is made upon ordering.  It arrives quickly and hot - the sandwiches are served on a napkin.  Tip: order each sandwich as you go, no need to order all 2 or 3 for yourself at once!  The soda fountain is real old-school!  Syrup form!  Many flavours to choose from!  You can separately order pickles - sour or half sour.  The karnatzels are very fresh too.Overall, the staff is warm and friendly.  This place is highly recommended for a quick bite to eat.  The sandwiches are done just right.
So glad I came here for lunch while in town. I ran the gamut on pickles, hand crafted cream soda, karnatzels, and a couple of Wilensky Specials with cheese. I think the only thing on the menu I didn't eat is a hot dog. The staff and even the patrons were all very friendly and welcoming. Nothing special but done perfectly which is what has made them great for so many years. I might have to try and recreate some specials back home in the states.
If you just came out of JAIL after 35 years...come here!You've lost your hair, your belly is protruding, you don't remember the last time you actually said: "Wow, this is delicious!", your children have all grown up and moved far away from you...Well, then, THIS IS THE BEST PLACE FOR YOU!Crudy old resto, that hasn't changed in the last 40 years (probably ever!), their food is what a 2 year old would love to get their hands on. Comfort food for people that haven't developed ANY sophistication or taste...Old waitress throws the food on your place at the counter, and rolls her eyes if you don't drink a cola and want water or don't finish their DISGUSTINGLY TASTELESS CHEAP "FOOD".Good place to do a photo shoot, shoot a movie that takes place in the 1940s, but TERRIBLE PLACE to eat at.Lived 2 streets away from this place and went there cause a friend dragged me there saying her father used to love it there as a kid, well he's dead now, don't know if it's related to his terrible eating habits, but it definitely didn't help.Go for the look of the place, the time warp feeling, but STAY AWAY FROM THE "FOOD".Visited July 2013
Yes the decor is terrific; retro, old, vintage. That sandwich is gross.  I'm not a big fan of bologna to begin with (not sure who is...), I felt almost bad because the staff is pretty watchful, but I couldn't get through half of it. Fried bologna yuck! Not for me.
Nice historical place. The food is nothing special and the options are very limited, but it's just fun to go for a quick cheap snack. It's biggest attribute is definitely its classic decor.
The Wilensky special tastes like what bologna, white bread, and mustard put together would taste like. There really was nothing special about this place or the food. I don't know why there is such a hype. Don't go out of your way but if you do, make sure you're paying with Canadian dollars. The exchange rate is 1 to 1, and she won't give you American dollars back for change. Overall, it was not a great experience.
This is no light lunch especially if you take down three of their special salami sandwiches.  Absolutely to die for pressed sandwich with mustard was mouth watering.  I could go back every day.  After you are through there, walk a block up the street to Fairmont Bagel for one of the best bagels you will ever have.  You may need a three hour walk after leaving that block but a can't miss in Montreal.  And don't forget to order one of their custom sodas, cherry coke, Creme soda, etc..to wash down your salami.
I'm addicted to this place!!!How the hell a simple salami and bologna sandwich is so good :-)I usually need my fix once a week or at least once a month. Here's what to order to fully enjoy your lunch:- 2 special with swiss cheese, don't even think about the Kraft cheese option it's not worth it for the discount- 1 sour pickle- 1 cherry colaHappy mealNhan
I'm only giving it a 1 because you can't give a 0 on Yelp. Nasty fried bologna sandwich, flat pop, staff that watches you when you eat, basically hovering over you.....pressure you to order more, etc.....no thanks! Great location, nice old vintage look to it.
After a late breakfast at Faberge , decided to walk around and discover this pretty street called Fairmont! Saw this spot looked retro,dated! I had to go in! First Thing  I noticed was books for sale for a buck! I then saw a counter and people and I realized that I was a restaurant / grab n go spot! Since I wasn't hungry I opted for a strawberry milkshake! It was only 2.17$ !!!The place is cool in it's own way! I love places where there's history! The walls were jam packed with that. Staff was extremely nice! Family owned I like I likeAs for the milkshake is was basic no fuss and hit the spot! I have to definitely go back for their sandwiches!By the way there's only stools at the counter and sits about 10-15 people! If you are in the area and it's still open check it out!
Family owned & operated. Wonderful people, offering a spectacular sandwich. Crusty bread lathered with mustard, expertly seasoned salami & bologna and oozy Swiss cheese all pressed flat. (Can be ordered with cheddar or without cheese.)The storefront & interior capture a style and warmth that is hard to find these days. You feel like you've stepped back in time and it feels great.
When I told one of my DC friends I was going to Montreal, he said if there was one thing we had to do was to try the "deep-fat fried" bologna sandwich at Wilensky's. After looking it up and seeing good reviews from more than one celebrity chef, we had to go.We walked in and it still has a 1920s feel to it like the kind of delis you see in the old movies. A funny, old man greeted us and ave us their special within literally 30 seconds on a napkin. The sandwich was NOT deep-fat friend and it was literally a bun heated on a panini with layers of meat and kraft slice cheese. I loved it, but I definitely wouldn't give it the best sandwich I ever had award like one celebrity chef called it.
Wilensky's is definitely worth visiting for the nostalgic factor. Opens since 1932 and still family own and run by the Wilensky's!And of course we need to order their famous SPECIAL ($3.90)! which is a grilled beef salami and beef bologna sandwich with mustard on a kaiser roll, pressed flat from the grill!As the sign in the restaurant announces:"When ordering a Special,you should know a thing or two.It is always served with mustard;it is never cut in two.Don't ask us why; just understandthat this is nothing new.This is the way that it's been donesince 1932."So we ended up having our own SPECIAL since it is the way it has to be and luckily I love mustard!!The Special is great for a snack and it is so hot!! So be careful when you bite into it!The made to order fountain drinks with quite a few different flavours: even a chocolate one!! definitely worth ordering and believe me would go well with your sandwich!No tips necessary but if you do, it will be put into donation box for the Heart and Stroke Foundation! So do leave whatever change you want to on the counter!.
My grandfather took my dad when he was a kid, and now he takes us. He tells us that this place hasn't ever changed, and I agree. The walls are filled with magazine articles and pictures, and the stools at the counter look pretty much the same. There's only one thing that people  order, the Special, a salami and bologna sandwich with mustard. Yes, you have to take the mustard, there's even a sign saying that. You can order one of their fountain sodas, and get a side of pickles. This place has a crazy charm to it. The waiters are very friendly, and the food is always very quick and tasty. This place is definitely a Montreal classic.
Wilensky's is a tough place to review. While in Montreal, I ate at Joe Beef and Au Pied du Cochon. To review those places in the same frame of mind as Wilensky's is unfair. They are striving to accomplish different goals. Here, you'll get an unpretentious, straightforward lunch at incredible speed. You'll enjoy the vibe. The food isn't mind blowing, but is very tasty, in a simple, no frills sort of way.First, the neighborhood Wilensky's is in is awesome. If you're a tourist in Montreal, come here and walk around for a non tourist vibe. Enjoy a special, grab a coffee at Arts Cafe, and then eat again at Fairmont Bagel. Next, the food and drink. The Wilensky Special is salami and bologna served on a toasted roll, topped with mustard. It's a simple sandwich, but it will hit you in all the right spots. It's ready in less than a minute, and you'll likely want two. Order a cherry soda with it - Wilensky has syrups in house that they mix with soda, and it's very tasty, even if you don't drink soda.Finally, the ambiance. This place is a classic - 1930's era posters cover the wall, all seats are at a bar facing the griddle. Sitting at the bar, chatting with the owner (who is very nice, and patiently answered two questions about Anthony Bourdain while I was there), gives a very relaxing, small town feeling.Come here and enjoy the sandwich. But more so, enjoy the classic, friendly neighborhood vibe it gives off. It'll set the tone for your day.
Simple but great sandwiches.  If I say that they are made with baloney and mustard, you may not be impressed. Yet, each time I return to Montreal I HAVE to stop here.  Somehow, I think the fact the place has not changed in close to a century makes it very warm and homey.  Please make sure you have one of their old style sodas. Made with sirup and added carbonated water.  I suggest a cherry coke.  The only way I'll stop coming is if they change the menu and provide WIFI.
No place quite like this I've ever seen or been to.  Plopped a squat on the bar and ordered me a cream soda and a bologna sandwich.  Tried to act all discreet like we've been here before.  Couldn't help myself and struck up a conversation with what appeared to be the boss, and she could not have been more friendly!I can see why they call this light lunch, don't come here if you're extremely hungry.  Unless of course you want to eat 3 bologna sandwiches.  But you very well may want to after you've tried these!  Best bologna sandwich I've ever had.
Fantastic 80 year old sandwich shop (see Risa D's review for more history) - If a place has been doing the same thing for that long, they're probably doing it right!Drop by when you're in the neighbourhood, find a seat at the bar (if there's none free, it won't take long for one to free-up), and order a "special with cheese" and some pickles. There're not big - hey, the place is called "Light Lunch" - but after two I'm usually good.While you're at it get yourself a soda - it's made with the syrup right at the bar there in front of you. I like the cherry or root beer flavours, but there are plenty of old-school options to choose from.
Saw this place on Mind of a Chef just the night before while we were visiting Montreal so we had to hit it up! They serve only one thing, but they serve it right. Had already visited the infamous Schwart's days prior and although I know they're two different sandwiches, Wilensky's sandwich tasted WAY better. The place is outdated, but full of character. There's maybe like 10 stools at the bar and you eat there. Up close and personal to the servers who are wonderful people. The sandwich looks dinky and lame but the bun is WARM (unlike Schwart's) and when you bite into it...oh man is it tasty. We even ordered one to bring back to Vancouver (since we were leaving that day)! A must-visit!
Unpleasant, dirty place. Other than that their special is nothing special, and milk shakes are too sugary. Cherry coke is OK though. Oh, and it's cash only.
Get the special with swiss along with a chocolate egg cream. Very tasty! Super friendly staff, as well.
Thinly sliced and seasoned bologna and salami between a perfectly toasted roll with a hint of mustard and melted America. cheese. The Special is one of best sandwiches in Montreal. We were served by the current owner Sharon, who clearly has a love of the establishment and chatted with us about its history. Wilensky's is everything you want in no frills dining.
Went here while visiting Montreal. It was great! So simple yet delicious. Had the special with cheese and cherry cola. Gotta have the cherry cola.  Also had the half sour pickle, next time trying the sour pickle instead. Only cash.
Great place to really experience the history of Montreal, the history of Canada, and food that has been made the same for over 70 years. Special with Kraft was delicious. In front of me within 1 minute of my order. Not too salty and light on the mustard. I added more mustard and it hit the spot.Chatted with the owner about the show being on The Mind of A Chef with David Chang. We talked about the history of the place and it was clear the amount of pride the family takes in running the shop. The big surprise for me was the original soda fountain they have. Best pineappple soda I ever had. Cherry looked amazing as well. A definite must-visit, if going to Montreal.
Family owned restaurant that's been around since the beginning of time.  Their location looks very nostalgic, with everything looking like it hasn't changed since they first opened.  (except the rack of 80's music cds).   They're known for their Wilenksy special.  It's a beef bologna sandwich with mustard and it's pressed flat like a panini.  Good sandwich, but nothing i would crave.
One of the things I miss most about Montreal.Does one thing, and does it well, without any pretense to being anything else.They also serve a mean egg cream soda (n.b. contains no actual egg or cream).
As its name suggests, Wilensky's is a lunch counter--one that's only open until 4:00, weekdays and Saturdays.  It's now celebrating its 80th anniversary (going on 81), and with few exceptions it looks like its been preserved in amber since the '40s. One of Montreal's few truly great sandwiches, and a certified original, the Wilensky Special is still priced under $5. So what if it's simply a pressed hot bologna and salami sandwich with mustard? Some days nothing else comes close. I recommend ordering yours with Kraft cheese and a side order of half-sours to get the full experience.  And don't forget to order a fountain drink.  An institution (sometimes in more than one sense), and not just because of The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz.  Beware of imitators--this is the real deal.
Founded in the Mile End in 1932, and in the current spot since 1952, Wilensky's Light Lunch is an institution which lots of us Montrealers are deeply fond of. Most read Mordechai Richler's "The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz" in high school and since several scenes take place in Wilensky's, and scenes in the 1974 film version starring Richard Dreyfuss were actually shot there, it looms in our nostalgic imaginations. The best part about it is that neither time nor local fame have changed it. You sit at the counter and are welcome. The Wilensky special or the hot dog is quickly pressed for you and slid down the counter with precision on a napkin. The soda is mixed fresh for you right before your eyes, and in quiet friendly contemplation you can read the history taped across the walls.
Nothing fancy, but fricken amazing!They may have other items, but for years -- it's all about the Wilensky's fried bologna sandwich.  Mustard, cheese, on crappy white bread and then pressed together kinda of like a panini.  OMG - so dang good!!!Make sure to order 2 of them...you'll want one for dessert after you've inhaled the first one.  I don't know how or why they are so good...I've tried to make them, and it is just missing that certain jenesequa.When I am in Montreal to see my family, I have a short-list of must haves when I am in town -- and this is one critical stop!
Stopped in for lunch while in town for the jazz fest.The Special was as advertised: cheap and delicious. And they make it super fast--like 10 seconds fast. So good I got one for the road. And the phat Slim Jim beef jerky thing was awesome for 60 cents, too.Overall, a Montreal institution for 80 years that's well worth checking out. Will definitely be back.
The Special doesn't seem all that special--what, surprise luncheon meat grilled with some mustard and maybe cheese? But damn is it good, and the hand-mixed soda with it. It's small and not very filling, though, true to the name of the restaurant. Munch on one of those little Slim Jim-lookin' things too, while you're at it.Mustard-haters, don't worry about the strict requirement that the mustard goes in your sandwich. They don't put in enough to clear the sinuses of a baby hamster.
Wilenski's is an important reminder of Montreal heritage. The Wilenski Special is the type of sandwich your parents would make you after school. It's simple and taste great. When I ate here, there were plenty of kids at the counter so popular with the youngsters for sure. While the decor is minimalist, the place is an iconic image of Montreal and the people who have frequented this place since the 30's.
As you enter Wilensky's you're transported to a bygone era.  Fading photos smile at you from the walls.  A cash register from the late 1800's, built to last a millenia sits quietly beside the entrance.  If it rang more than its $1.95 maximum, I could imagine it still in use.The staff behind the counter are welcoming, friendly and are happy to discuss the occasional question about the shop and its history.  But, some things won't happen, at any price. Cutting your sandwich in half, exchanging bun types: forget about it.  Just sit, order, eat, drink, chat and enjoy.Service is exceptionally quick.  You'll have your Wilensky special sandwich with or without Kraft or swiss slice, always with mustard, by about the time you finishing uttering your order.Sodas are hand made with syrups from behind the counter, ladled and stirred in front of you.Any tipping goes straight into a donation jar for charity, not to the house.Hours are 9-4pm if I remember correctly.The nostalgia of this shop is unmatched and worth a stop for any visitor or resident of Montreal.
Small bologna and salami sandwich, toasted with cheese, mustard, and mayo. Very cheap and good. They also have good pickles, and soda made the old fashioned way. Really cool little shop. Check it out.
This will be the most useless review you'll ever read on Yelp:Go here. Get the special. Enjoy.The end.
I almost wasn't going to eat here cause I *just* had a bagel from Fairmount next door but vacationing is not awesome until you've stuffed yourself to exploding capacity.My sister and I ran in, ordered a special,  and ran out. I didn't expect much but I took one bite and HOLY MOLY is baloney or whatever is in that sandwich really THAT GOOD? IT was soft and hot and delicious. I really have no idea what I ate, but it was freakin awesome. Prob one of the best things I ate in Montreal. Yup.The actual place is small with less than 15 counter seats. I didn't really notice too much about the place other than the cup of dried sausage they had next to the register for 50 cents. I should have gotten one.
Wilensky's. Montréal institution. If it ever shots down, Montréal will mourn its passing. An old cigar shop from the 1920s (I think) that offered some light lunches. Now it's all they do. They serve fried baloney sammiches, old syrup and fountain pop and homemade pickels. The place seats 8, standing room available by they freezer. Deal with it. This place is awesome.
Classic!
Excellent salami/bologna sandwich, pressed warm with a real egg cream soda.  All the soda flavors are unique as they make their own syrups.  Excellent value
Great old time place with only a few stools. Make sure to try some of their home-made sodas...fantastic and you can mix flavours!Also, this place discourages tipping.
One of the last remnants of the Jewish area in Mile End. Wilensky's "light lunch" isnt...its smooshed beef baloney and cheese on a roll. All of it pressed like a Cuban. The place is more of a museum than a Jewish deli.
I have to admit, I am a fan. Just entering there, you know that time has stopped in place many, many years ago. It certainly is not a classy place. It is not gourmet at all. And its name doesn't suit the place at all: it is NOT a light lunch. However, it a true Montreal institution and a classic.When you go there, there is only thing to order, really: the Wilensky Special. Bread with salami and bologna and mustard. You take two of those along with a cherry coke and a sour pickle and you're good to go. It's open from 10am to 4pm, weekdays only. And you have to remember the rules:"When ordering a specialYou should know a thing or twoThey are always served with mustardThey are never cut in twoDon't ask us why, just understandThat this is nothing newThis is the way that it's been done since 1932." Oh, and don't dare you give them some tip.
Amazingggg GLUTEN FREE CHOCOLATE CROISSANT!!!!!! They taste just like the real thing! I took a trip to Montreal just because i found this place searching the web and let me tell you, i ate 24 croissant in 2 days! lol! they were so good i couldnt resist! (but they are small)...Why doesnt NYC have gluten free croissant?!!!  Its what i miss the most being gluten free!  And now i have to take trips to montreal more often just for the croissant! I hope the owner reads this and opens a shop in nyc!!!!!!
Wow this is good, no this is great! They've managed to create satisfying baked goods that have really nice textures and flavors while being Gluten Free. We tried it in person and enjoyed it so much we ordered some online when we got home. That too was/is delicious. The order arrived within a few days (internationally no less!) and the breads and bagel really are awesome even when going from the freezer or frig to the oven. Best GF croissants ever and the bagel are wonderful!When we travel we always keep a look out for GF bakeries and try them, and during a recent trip to Montreal we were fortunate to find this Gluten Free bakery which surpasses nearly everything else we have ever tried and rivals our international favorite (Mariposa) in San Francisco.
Best gluten free anywhere on the Continent. Bagels, croissants and Madeleines. Fabulous! Created by two McGill alumni. Staff is very kind and friendly.
Fantastic texture in their loaf bread. So hard to get that light, airy gluten free bread but they nailed it. And wonderful toasted, too!
Seconding everyone's reviews on the GF chocolate and regular croissants...really, really good!! The baguettes are also super tasty, as were the madelines!
excellent breads and buns and bagels and coffee nice and clean environment and well, good music
Charlie is a really nice guy, I am a chef in training at a school in Montreal and I had report due, I stopped off at his shop and talked about cooking and more specifically the innovation of cooking for health. He has a variety of baked goods for diabetics and also gluten-free options. It is lab as well as a great place to try new items, along the lines of a `El Bulli` cafe!
AMAZING AMAZING SUSHI!The food is so amazing here that I drive all the way from Toronto! Hands down, there is no comparison with Toronto Sushi Restaurants as Kaiji has the freshest seafood and ingredients.Keep in mind this is an express/take-out style restaurant so it is a smaller space and the decor is not fancy dancy, but you're definitely getting the quality in the food of a high end expensive restaurant. That also means the prices are very fair.I've been here numerous times. Chef Phong has an amazing talent for balanced flavours and sauces that pair perfectly with his sushi.Some of my favourite dishes:Beef sashimi _ best sashimi I've ever hadRainbow Roll - OMG!Volcano RollUni Sushi - was never a fan of Uni before, but it's a different story when as fresh as Kaiji'sSushi PizzaKaiji SaladFueilles de TartareDefinitely my go-to for sushi any and EVERYTIME I'm in Montreal!!!
This sushi place is located way out of our usual radius since we live downtown, but I'm glad we went! What really sets this place apart from other sushi restos in the city is the attention to detail and the distinct sauces that come with the various rolls. One roll had a nice and unexpectedly tangy vinegary sauce, another had a mustard-based sauce and yet another roll had a sweeter one. Unlike a lot of other sushi places, many of the rolls vary in ingredients, so you don't feel like you're just ordering the same roll several times. The fish tasted fresh, probably one of the top "fresh" tasting places I've been to in Montreal.The service was friendly, and clearly the owners care about their product. The interior was cute, red walls and buddhas around. They also do more than just sushi and have bento boxes/cooked stiry-fry meals, etc. I actually much preferred the quality of the food and the setting to Saint Sushi, which seems to be all the rave right now. To top it off, it's a BYOW. I would definitely go back!
My friend and I both agreed to meet in Montréal to spend some time exploring the city. We found a Groupon online for Kaiji. Both of us being world travelled and avid lovers of food, the groupon being a great deal and the menu looked great, we sought it as a new adventure.We were not disappointed. As we are staying in a downtown hotel, we required to plan our transit journey as the restaurant seemed to be a bit out of the downtown area. Walking from the subway to the restaurant, we were a bit unsure. The neighbourhood seemed relatively quiet and uneventful.Arriving at the restaurant, we were immediately pleased with the decor, the settings, the volume and any initial doubts were soothed. The staff greeted us pleasantly and we started out menu selections.The food was prepared very well and served at a great pace. The rich blends of flavours, combined with an amazing display met for our delight. Having lived in Vancouver, BC for sometime now, we were extremely delighted to find this sushi restaurant and with the menu.One thing to note is, it is BYO Bottle and we forgot this. So, if you choose to come hear, BYO Bottle. ;) Highly Recommend, Worth the Effort.
Hidden hole in the wall gem. We accidentally stumbled by this spot and realized that we had hit the jackpot. You don't many places that make dragon beard candy nowadays (I haven't seen these in NYC Chinatown for almost 10 years) With that said, things are made fresh onsite.A very tiny storefront with barely enough room to fit half a dozen people.
Dragon beard candy is a literal translation from Chinese. Its simply coconut, peanut spun in sugar...what can go wrong? This a mom and pop store and they only make this one type if candy. If you like sweets, definitely a must try.  I probably haven't had this since I was a little kid, and randomly came across it walking in c-town montreal.I'm giving this a 4-star simply because they are good at the one item they sell. Nothing more, nothing less.
I admire the hard working man single-handedly crafting those dragon beard candy & HK egg cake morsels.  However, my husband, sister & I did not find that it was delicious at all. We have eaten better dragon beard candy & HK egg cakes elsewhere. The dragon beard candy was a bit dry, and the HK egg cakes was a bit burnt. Maybe it was our batch that was the odd one, but we left disappointed. Hoping this doesn't happen to other people.
As nearly everyone else has said in their reviews, the Dragon's Beard Candy here is a must-try. I came to this literal hole-in-the-wall when it was incredibly busy, so unfortunately I didn't order anything other than the Dragon's Beard Candy to prevent holding up the line--but the candy was worth it! For $0.75, you get a fairly large, soft, sugar-spun piece of this candy, which explodes with powdered sugar and crushed peanuts when you bite into it--almost like stuffed cotton candy, but texturally more interesting. It's certainly not for everyone, but, I think, for $0.75, it's worth seeing if you're a fan.From what I understand, it's not easy to find Dragon's Beard Candy in North America, so I highly recommend spending the $0.75 and 2 minutes to grab a piece if you're in Montreal's Chinatown!
If you like coconut and peanut and have never tried this once considered a royal dessert in China, try it out. .75 each, $4 for 6They have some other treats but didnt get to try them.
This is the first time I have ever had Dragon's Beard Candy, but hopefully it won't be the last. I was walking around Montreal's Chinatown and my sister pointed this stall out, claiming that Dragon's Beard Candy was delicious.I was skeptical at first, since I doubt she has actually eaten it, since I haven't even heard of it. But with an epic name like that at a low price, how could I refuse?Dragon's Beard Candy appears to be sugar spun into threads (similar to cotton candy) wrapped around a peanut and coconut mixture. They were quite tasty, and I much prefer it to cotton candy.Fortunately, there is a place in NYC's Chinatown that serves this stuff that I hope to visit soon!
I can't believe that I have not written a review about this place before when I came back from Montreal. It's too bad that we don't have anything like this back home, beard candy is actually very delicious! Something akin to cotton candy but it's more string-like and inside are pieces of chocolate and nuts. This stall sells other Montreal local treats like crepes and boba tea, wish we had something like this here.
Little no frills dessert shack that offers old fashion street desserts. Each piece of the dragon beard candy is carefully sculpted to a perfect mouthful packed with a generous portion of sweet peanut filling. The name comes from the wispy strands of sugar that melt in your mouth like dense cotton candy. I wished that I would have noticed that they also sell other things as well, but I will have to come back next time to try the other stuff.
the five stars isn't for their dragon beard candy but their Hong Kong egg cakes. its the best we've had since the Hong Kong egg cake lady closed shop at mott st. chinatown in manhattan. don't forget to also order iced coffee with condensed milk cause its a great pairing with the egg cakes. the dragon beard candy was actually really good even if it looks a little weird. like a mix of a peanut chew wrapped in a texture of cotton candy.
It may look like cotton, but it's actually spun sugar, peanuts, and coconut- much tastier, in my opinion.We found this place while walking around Chinatown. It is pretty much a literal "hole in the wall", with only enough standing room for 2 people inside. Staff make the candy right in front of you,(which is always nice) and in about a minute, you are eating it.The experience goes like this: pick up candy that looks like a cotton ball, feel that it feels like a cotton ball, bite into it, and have powdered sugar burst out, taste the peanuts and coconut, have the spun sugar stick to your lip, look like you have a beard, and realize that's where the "dragon's beard" comes in.Give it a try! It's an experience, it's yummy, and this is one of the only places you can find it.
Its really nothing more than a mouthful of sweet and powder. Skip the gimmick and grab a Snicker.
Who wouldn't be intrigued by eating something epic called dragon beard candy? Sugar spun floss-like coating covering coconut and peanuts. Imagine all your favorite tastes in one. Tastes exactly how you would imagine, the sugary thread dissolving first into the chewy peanut/coconut mix. It's hard to notice along the street of tiny shops, but you might as well give it a try while you're touring around Montreal's Chinatown. Hooray for small shops with honest people trying to make a living.0.75 cents per piece, or $4 for pack of 6.
Love supporting mom and pop stores. This is a Chinese delicacy that will be lost soon. It's hard to find it anywhere.
Is this very clever Marketing, or really an ancient Chinese tradition only served to Emperor's!  Like an episode of "Ripley's believe it or not!" I will let you be the judge!  Four or Five years ago during Chinese New Year I saw this man stationed in the Casino De Montreal spinning his trade for people to try!  I tried it back then and thought it was more gimmick than the real thing!  Today as I was in Chinatown I went by to see this tiny shop where the elder Chinese man was selling his small packages of 6 for $4.  Very delicious mix of sugar, peanut and coconut!  A different kind of desert and a very niche idea!  I thought it was great!  You may or may not depending on your taste!  Give it a try though as you can't argue that it sure is an original idea!!!!
Yummy Dragon's beard candy. Such a dying delicacy so got to enjoy it while the elders still make it. I never see any younger generations making this dessert which is a shame because it's so good. Definitely recommend getting it while people still make it. This apparently cannot be automated and can only be handmade. Only downside is it's cash only here :( I live in a world with plastics! But it's worth paying cash here to get this dessert.Recommend!
This stuff is awesome and a must try!!
This place is the coolest! This guy operates out of this little booth in the middle of Chinatown, I have never seen this type of candy before and naturally I had to try them! There is a little blurb at the front of the booth that explains what the candy is and its origins, apparently it is an ancient Chinese tradition and these candies used to be served to emperors. Neat. In addition to the dragon beard candy he also sells some neat stuff like dumplings with sweet fillings and bubble tea. All at a reasonable price. I only went with the dragon beard candy, but I wanted to try some other things. A package of the dragon beard candy was $4 and you get 6 pieces. The candies are essentially spun sugar threads with a sweet nut and coconut filling. The guy instructed me to place the candy on my tongue and let it melt. It had a really interesting texture and flavour, it wasn't overly sweet and had a nice nutty taste. I would love to try some more items from this place!
Stopped by while walking around in Montreal. The last time I had these were when I was in Korea. One of my favorite candies! This is not too sweet, and has a good amount of fillings in it. Had to get two packs instead of one and every bite was worth it. Definitely stop by if you're walking by this area.
tiny kiosk stand next to the neverending chinese music played by the kiosk next door, you can't miss it especially during summer when he whips up his stuff as you can see flour (or is that corn starch) flying all over the place.watching him showcasing his art is mesmerizing and then his math skill? son of a bitch..anyway, as for the candy itself, it's interesting. not knowing what i was getting into, took a giant bite of it and the flour (corn starch) just flew out of my mouth like a dragon's breath.. it's odd, can't say i personally like it. it's definitely an acquired taste.mind you, it's been a couple of years since i tried those candy.and they sell bubble tea too. the powder kind which is just bleh. but at 9-10pm, during summer, when pretty much all of chinatown is close, they do come in handy when you have a big thirst and are too lazy to search. well, that was before me using yelp
This is the best candy i have eaten in my life!!
I was on a mission.  I'd Yelped some places before our short trip to Montreal and was determined to find this place.  We trudged through a rain storm, public transportation, and dealt with a long day of travels.  When I was just about to give up, I. saw. the. candy.  It was raining so I didn't get to watch them make this delicious treat, but I didn't care.  I had my prize.  I gladly paid $4.00 and tucked my treat away.  The packaging isn't the most sturdy and you may want to bring a plastic sealed bag with you if you have a long day ahead of you, but this delicious treat is well worth it (I think mine ended up getting a little rained on, even).  Actually, the packaging is flimsy plastic wrapped with a rubber band.  The filling ends up spilling out of the package and gets everywhere (nonetheless worth it).  What's inside? Sweet spun sugar with peanut, coconut, and more sugar inside!  If it is a warm day out, you may want to devour your treat ASAP.  The heat tends to break the candy down leaving you with a stiff mass of sweetness vs. the pillow-like treat you originally bought.  I loved this stuff so much, I made my husband go through another round of travels on our second and last day in Montreal to get some more...
I've had this candy in other places before but not my family.  As mentioned by others, dragons beard candy has a small crushed peanut center wrapped by finely pulled candy strands.  This one was a fine example however I felt the strands were slightly too loose, causing it to fall apart when bit.
Heading to Old Montreal, I pulled up Yelp to see which one of my bookmarks were nearby and of course, this one was! Walking around to find it and there was a small line outside and cash only service. This sugar candy reminded me of something I used to eat when I was a little kid. This was a "thicker" candy and definitely chewy - do not have more than one (haha). The old man running the shop was very ncie. We also got bubble tea to go along with it and it had some kind of powder which made it thicker and creamier - yum! Highly recommend.
What an amazing and unique experience.  They hand make their treats right in front you.  I had the sweet dumplings.  Perfect light snack as you are walking throughout Chinatown or making your way down to the waterfront.
Fine spun sugar threads wrapped around a sweet filling of ground peanuts, sesame, coconut, and chocolate.Night and day, passersby stop to watch the elderly gentleman behind this little stand on Le Gauchetere in Montreal's Chinese quarter as he spins sugar dough into long white threads and wraps them ever so carefully around the filling of this wonderful candy. There is something amazing about the fact that he does just this one thing all the time, taking such obvious care with each and every piece.A sign sitting on the counter reads: "This unusual candy was once made only for the emperors of China during state banquets.  Dragons are a Chinese imperial symbol, and since the emporer's candy resembles a long white beard, it came to be called 'Dragon's Beard Candy'."The emperor's candy also tastes like a beard, but in a good way. It looks a little like cotton candy, but it's actually quite different. It doesn't melt like cotton candy, and it isn't as sweet. It is crunchier than you might expect, and a little harder to eat -  and for a moment there, you might even question whether or not it is actually meant to be eaten. But once you get past that point - which is kind of thrilling -  the sugar threads blend into the delicious sweet peanut, chocolate, sesame, and coconut filling, and before you know it the experience is over and you are ready to try one of these delicious sweets again.  Which is why I recommend picking up a box of six ($4.00) as opposed to tasting just one.
I absolutely adore this little candy window shop.  Life would be great if there were more street hawker type open front shops like this in the world.  Where you can walk around and sample the best that all the vendors have to offer as small eats.  They also have cookie-like items, but the star of the show is the Dragon Beard Candy.  The outside of the candy is like a sticky sugar pulled beard dusted in powdered sugar, the inside is filled with ground peanut, sugar, and sesame seeds.  It is like the most delicious Butterfinger in the world.  I think a box of the stuff is around $4 CAD, but it is totally worth the experience.  The candy is made fresh before your eyes, and the candy-maker is normally the only person working at the time.  So, you put your $1 or $2 coins down on the table in front of them and take a container of candy.  I think it is a great system.  My Mandarin is better than my French, so you will find me on this street when I am in town.
Always a fan of dragon beard candy. So was very excited to find this little stall in Chinatown. I was even more thrilled to find you can buy single pieces instead of a large box of candy. Prices are very reasonable and you can watch the owner make the candy in front of your eyes.
It's not that it's delicious - but it's interesting, and it was new for me.  That's normally enough.  And in this case, it was.  If you get to Montreal China Town before it closes (and boy does it close early for a China Town) it's worth stopping by here - for the experience if nothing else.
I never would have found this place if it wasn't for yelp.I was in montreal and looking for something sweet to eat. This is a tiny street faceing business that only sells one thing: DRAGON'S BEARD CANDY. You have to try this atleast once in your life. It's the weirdest thing.My husband and I got 1 piece each (it was like $2). They're tiny little things (enough for one bite). The spun sugar starts to melt in your mouth and becomes a sticky, chewy concoction. Warning: the spun sugar will flake off and get everywhere, but it brushes away easily. We laughed at eachtoher as we made faces due to the interesting techture and chewy expressions we were making.I was hoping for something more chocolatey but I'm glad I still tried it. I doubt I'll find anything else like it in the near future.
Dragon's Beard Candy is a tiny kiosk in Chinatown that sells one single kind of unique Chinese candy - "Dragon's beard" (obviously) you can try a single piece for 75 cents. 3 stars just for the novelty factor. Candy is not good. Not surprisingly, considering Asian desserts and sweets in general tend to be not great.The candy itself looks like a white gauze-like substance, sort of like something you would tape over a scabby knee to stop it from bleeding. There are peanuts and sugar inside, which fall out everywhere when you try to bite it.
We saw a small crowd gathered around the tiny window front open air stand. Two people of the group tasting loved it, while the other older woman complained it was too sweet. We stepped in and saw the man behind the counter pulling long threads of sugar and wrapping them around the sesame, ground peanut, chocolate and coconut filling. It was under $1 for a taste of one and WOW - it was awesome. One of the best hand made candy experiences ever. And when we bit it, a few threads stayed out of our mouth like a dragon's beard. Appropriately named, and five stars. If you're in Montreal, TRY THIS.
Craziest candy experience ever. My husband took a big bite and wasn't expecting what was in the middle and had a sugar explosion all over himself! Sounds kinda dirty, but it actually was. What is dragon's beard candy you ask? It is spun sugar wrapped in crust up peanuts and something else I think, but not sure exactly what. Either way, if you are in Montreal visiting, it it worth a stop for a new experience.Best part is the cash register (aka towel)!
We made a point of stopping by this place after I'd read all the fabulous reviews on Yelp and it lived up to the hype. It's a little tiny shop that is super easy to pass by, so keep your eyes open. The guy who makes the candy is super focused, he basically never stopped moving and making candy the whole time we were in there. I had an enjoyable time just watching the guy pull the sugar. The candy is a bit strange at first, but it's got an addictive quality. Now that I know where it is I would totally go back.
I have been to Montreal TWICE and after discovering this place the first time, I kept going back! It's this tiny little place in Chinatown that has this famous "Dragon beard candy", which I actually have never tried because I am OBSESSED with what I call "egg crates", and this place is one place of the few (at least I've never found them in Boston where I live) that have them!Egg crates, as I call them, are these waffle-pancake-like thing but it's shaped like egg crates and each tiny "egg" shape, is soft and yummy! It's almost like a more delicious waffle that is soft on the inside.  It cost $4 Candian per egg crate, but you will eat it fast!!! You tear off each egg piece and eat it while hot, and it's amaaazing!! The woman who helped me was REALLY nice and you usually have to wait about 10 minutes for them because they make them fresh right there.  SO AWESOME!
Whenever we come to Montreal, we try to get their dragon beard candy.  Authentic!  $4 for a box of 6.  Glad that I got 2 boxes before they close for the day.
Dragon's Beard is a whimsical candy that was once made for the great Emperors of China--some say predominantly during the Han Dynasty.  These silky white strands resemble the long white strands of  a dragon's beard--hence the name.  The silk strands are spun and filled with nuts, coconut and sesame seeds.  It truly takes a master to perfect this art and Montreal's Johnny Chin has been perfecting this "Chinese Cotton Candy" treat for over 20 years.If you are ever in Montreal, stop by Chinatown on the corner of Clark street and try some of Johnny Chin's Dragon Beard.
This is the only place I know left in North America that makes the dragon beard candy. For those who don't know what dbc is... it's this fine sugar candy that is made kind of like pasta in a sense... the candy is strung and strung over and over again until it's a super fine weave then strung together with a sugar, peanut and salt mixture inside. It's the Chinese version of cotton candy, but much tastier...
The other day my new Yelp friend Gabriel O. had reviewed the Dragon's beard candy, and as I was walking by Chinatown, I couldn't resist!!I got the owner (aka Maestro) to do the whole demo thing for me and I happily bought a box of 6 which was $4. I have always been fascinated by the whole creation but almost as fascinating was his math skills. I could have rehearsed the schpeel like 2000 times, but I would still need cue cards to remember all the numbers. He was nice enough to ask us to take a video of it, and we obliged, and will post on youtube for him. It was delicious as always, and we happily went on our sugar high way after polishing it off!
I love that you can find stuff like this in Montreal. The lady makes the candy in front of you and it melts when you put it in your mouth. It's so tedious and she loves making it because I dont think I saw her complain or put on a nasty face when I visited. She smiles and talk to her customers. The candy is stringy and wrapped around peanut and sugar. so cheap and delicious!!!
I was first introduced to Dragon's Beard Candy when I was taking cooking lessons nearby and they brought us on a tour of China Town. I was a little hesitant to try it at first, but with a little encouragement, I decided to buy a box. Open your mouth and let it rest on your tongue until it melts! It's a little pricy at $6 a box I believe, but I make sure to buy it anytime I pass by. I'm still stunned by how thin they can string the dough, but they're definitely doing something right, because I've introduced at least 5 people to it.
First time I've seen these angel hair sweet treats being made anywhere. It was fine, but Chinatown overall, for someone from Queens NY, isn't even endearing. The area is a bit touristy, so I just wanted to get in and get out. I'm glad I went, I won't be back when I come to Montreal again.I did like the money system, where the money is laid out on the counter, and you take your own change. This is so the chef does not have to touch money, I suppose.
I'm from Taiwan and didn't know about this thing until I went to Montreal! Very cool sweet, made right in front of your eyes. The pulled sugar strands melt in your mouth, and the sweet cruchy peanuts and sesame seeds add another layer of flavor and texture. Since it's mostly sugar, this is a sweet dessert. Even a dessert fiend like me can only take one at a time. But certainly worth seeking out! (And it's cheap!)
I've never heard of dragon beard candy until I saw Johnny Chin's stand in Montreal's Chinatown. Since then every time I've visited Montreal I've made sure to pick up a box of six (or more if I have the cash!). Just in case you're unfamiliar with dragon beard candy, they are bite sized treats made of spun sugar dough wrapped around ground peanuts, chocolate, coconut and sesame. You can say its more of a pastry than a candy.Once the doors open a line is quickly formed with people gathering to order. So be there early, and make sure you speak up! Everything is made to order. He sets up his work station right outside his shop entrance and performs a sort of show as he makes each individual candy.One of the special perks of the Dragon Beard Candy shop is that it is run completely by him and his family. So don't be surprised if you see his son and daughter helping out in the rush!They offer other items on their menu such as bubble tea and egg rolls  / balls, etc. But the item of choice is the dragon beard candy.If there's one reason to come to Montreal this is it because it's pretty difficult to find these candies stateside.
So difficult to find places that sell dragon beard candy nowadays. I loved these treats when I was a child. Crushed peanuts and coconut in a cocoon of finely spun sugar.  Visiting this little stand brought many memories of running around Chinatown malls in Vancouver and LA high on the sugary dragon goodness.Thought it was a little pricey relative to what I'd recently seen in NYC Chinatown (CAD $4 vs USD $3 for a box of six), but not a big deal considering these treasures are so rare to come across!
The price has gone up to $4 for six pieces and they only take cash. It is also easy to pass by, my husband and I searched for a while before we realized we had passed it up. But that is where my whining ends, the process they use to make the candy is so fascinating and unique, and it really is so delicious! I love how the outer coating melts in your mouth and the inside is so chewy. My husband hit the nail on the head when he said they taste like aba-zabas (but really fresh ones). They also sell boba there, we didn't try it though.
I definitely didn't realize how unusual this candy is when I was in college. Overall it's not my absolute favorite candy but the novelty makes it totally worth it. I think it's good either chewed or melted in the mouth, but somehow I always end up with peanut chunks in my windpipe.
Being one of the only establishments in Chinablock that offers vegan fare (namely, the Dragon's Beard candy), I'm a frequent patron here when showing people around this great neighbourhood.  I consider this tiny little place a staple - nay, an icon - of Montreal now.  Every local has heard of this place and if they haven't, they're missing out.The counter usually has a couple of dozen loonies and toonies sitting on it to give back as change on a whim when you pay for something.  It's unbelievably novel (to me, anyway), amusing, and efficient.You can watch them make the candy which is a hypnotizing process.  Every time I've gone, they've been friendly and seemingly excited about the candy-making process as well as the candy itself.  The candy itself is delightful.  It melts on your tongue, and tastes like nothing you've tasted before (unless you're a candy hobbyist, maybe).  It has happened before, however, where I've bought a box of stale-ish candies that were a little harder than they should have been, but I was still satisfied when ingesting them.  It's only $4 for a box of 6.  Not exactly pricey.Dragon's Beard Candy is definitely worth trying out if you're in the neighbourhood.
Dragon's Beard Candy!?!? What the heck is that!?!? That's what caught my eye when I was there in Montreal's Chinatown. And I started talking to the owner lady that was there in Cantonese and she tells me people from all over go there to buy this to eat and it has been around forever, since like the 80s. So I bought 2 small boxes to try and bring home back to NYC. To me, it wasn't that good. It was a little weird to me. It has stringy white strands that wraps around some kind of candy, nuts, etc. The lady sucked me in to buy it.
I'm spoiled by this place for bubble tea now. The taro was like liquid candy awesomeness. I also tried the dragon's beard candy which is the weirdest thing I've ever had but yummy. I wasn't used to how trusting they were with cash transactions. They keep coins out so you can grab the change you need back since they can't touch it. (they're making the candy in front of you). It just wouldn't work in NY, lol.
I have never seen candy like this before so the concept and taste is unique to me. When I was watching them make the candy, it put me in a slight trance of relaxation. I'm weird. The price wasn't too bad but . The best part? They don't touch your money. You have to place it under a towel and then you have to take your change. The whole concept of the candy making and change giving was new to me and definitely something I won't forget. Plus, the story behind dragon beard candy is very interesting.
Where has this been all my life!?!?  The delicate cotton candy like tendrils melt in your mouth!  It really is akin to fine hair, but sweet and sugary; and a surprising pairing with the nuts.  I have to hunt it down in the bay!
yelp + 10!I never would have thought to look for this place if I hadn't seen this review first.This place is very unique and the candy is really good! We brought a bunch back for presents and I might end up eating it all... My friends better make an effort to see me sometime soon!Very friendly too!
Hoping to experience this tomorrow.  Just wanted to post their hours for Yelpers.  Open from noon to "about 7:30pm"
Located in the Quartier Chinois it's easy to walk past the shop if you're not paying attention.  We actually had to backtrack.  The store isn't big and when you go inside there's not much room to move around either.  The lady inside was cool and explained to us how the candy was made "by turning sugar dough into fine sugar threads, which are wrapped around ground peanuts, sesame, coconut, and chocolate."  Sounded delicious but was it good?  After forking over CAD$3.00 we each got one piece and per her instructions shoved the whole thing in our mouth.  Don't do that unless you have bottled water nearby because your throat will feel like it's closing up and the more you chew the peanuts will turn to butter.  It was sweet and chocolate-y.  Pretty good.  I'm glad we tried it.
I wanted to review this when Yelp CA opened its' doors, but I didnt since it's not really a "location" I could find.  It's pretty tasty stuff that melts in your mouth, and I've never seen it anywhere else other than Montreal's Chinatown.  Worth a try if you're in chinatown.
Wanting to find something cool to buy friends on our recent trip to Montreal, we went on an adventure looking for these "dragon ball z" candies.  Well, the adventure was super short lived as it's incredibly easy to find (take the Orange Line to the Place D'Arms stop and it's about a block or so away); however, the stand was cute and the candy itself was not bad.  Keep in mind, I'm not a big candy girl, and I doubt I'll be having another, but it's a unique gift to bring home.
Dragon beard candy is a treat worth trying, for sure! It looks like cotton candy, but has more of a taffy-like texture. The owner advised letting it melt in my mouth, but I could help chewing on it - which works out, because I do love chewy snacks!
Somewhat inexpensive, very unique sweets served out of an awesome storefront. I guess this candy is rare but probably because it's only average. Dig it.
What a great experience. We were in Montreal for 4 days. So we wanted to cook instead of dining out every night. We are adventurous eaters so we were pleased to see meats like Bison, Elk and even Horse available. We got all three. I've never had horse, it was a bit like steak but really excellent. The elk was my favorite. Every one was very knowledgable and articulate in English.
Horse MeatElk MeatBison MeatCharcuterieDuck ConfitPatesTerrineThey also have small section of prepared food, they're all just okay and nothing special. Lots of specialty products (Oil, Spreads, etc..)It's a little out of the way from downtown montreal..It's a cool little place to visit if you're a foodie and have place to cook the meats. Other than it's okay to miss this place when you're in montreal.
Excellent, friendly, quality neighbourhood butcher. *Very* reasonable prices, excellent choice and so many great products to drool over. I've had a really positive experience every time I've gone in for something. The young guys behind the butcher counter are super professional and attentive, as well as pleasant. I even went in for an unusual request: hog gut (your typical sausage casings for people who make their own sausages) - but for use as art material. When I told the guy what it was for, he didn't bat an eye and gave me exactly what I was looking for and told me to have fun with my art project. Just cool peeps with a wonderful shop.
Just had to post again about how great the terrines are from here.  We stop here before heading out for any daily excursion to pick up snack food.  They have a wide variety and they are all delicious.  There's also a good cheese selection and a variety of other specialty food items.  They have a ton of meat for cooking, but we just come for the snacks.  We picked up about ten different ones to take home when we left Montreal.  (We had a car and a cooler!)  They freeze well and remind us of vacation months later.
Excellent butcher. The selection is vast, fresh, and the staff is ready to answer any questions. The shop also has readymade food to take out, like salads, quiches, sandwiches, as well as bulk coffee. We got to sample a few different coffees before choosing one to go with, and like other small shops, if you bring your bag back, you get a discount next time.It seems like everyone on the east Plateau carries a Maison du Roti tote bag - either they're all hardcore fans, or there was a big bag-giveaway at some point (missed it! bummer!), but it speaks to their success and popularity. I totally wish I had the income to shop here regularly, because my stomach would certainly thank me for it.
Went for the first time on Sunday Jan. 29th, 2012. Had a Groupon voucher.- The service is impeccable. - Very friendly and they don't let anyone stand there un-served.- No line up, we went pretty early.- Good steaks.- Great hours - Open 9am to 9pm everyday.- The cold meats are *very* expensive, but good.- I tried the tomato-coriander marinated chicken breast & there was grizzle or fat pieces in the meat. I *really* didn't like that. In the one sitting I chewed on something 3 separate times so I got fed up and threw the rest out.- I'd say it's located too far from the Mont-Royal metro.Hubby & I will go back, but I'm not sure if I will buy chicken breast again. :-(
Excellent, excellent selection of meats, cheeses, coffee, specialty cooking products at very, very good prices! Highly recommended. Famous for quiches and tarts. Lots of Quebec cheeses. Knowledgeable staff too.
I have been a loyal customer for many years and am always satisfied with the quality, variety, and the impeccable service they provide.  So much so that it has become our Bistro's provider of all things meat.  If you like to cook and need something special, head over there and let yourself be guided by their top notch butchers.
This is an amazing upscale butcher. Friendly, helpful, knowledgeable butcher staff. They also make meat pies and quiches, ready made meals, sandwiches for take-out. Baguettes, cheeses, coffees.
My sister lives above this place and it is delicious. The coffee is great. Sandwiches are fresh. The salads are tasty and creative. I am a huge fan of this place!I will definitely be back and I highly recommend it. The hours are different on the weekends and they have weird holiday hours.
Really fresh food, juice and coffee. Personable service in both English and French. It's a great place to get a relatively healthy, quick, yet tasty breakfast at a good price.
Good place for a quick breakfast.Prices are reasonable too: only $11 for a large plate of fresh scrambled eggs, with toasts, jam, butter and a small fruit salad.
Mmmm Bofinger's pulled pork sandwich is amazing. It's heaven in your mouth.Alabama hot sauce is key for that bad boy.French fries are insanely good too.
Went here for Poutine week and they were clearly not prepared for the amount of customers. There were two girls coking and sometimes bringing food to tables, and then there was one waitress who sounded like she might also be a manager or owner by the way she'd yell at the other two girls. Service was slow, unprofessional, and very poorly organized. It was obvious we would have to wait forever for a table, so we decided to order takeout instead. We waited AN HOUR just to get the food. There were 4 of us, my three friends got their food first and I had to wait about another 15 minutes (all I ordered was poutine). Meanwhile, my friends' food was getting cold, and we still had to drive home before eating it. While we were waiting, I saw two different people get up to leave because it was taking too long to get their food, but the waitress managed to get them to stay and gave them their food. Even though the service was horrible and my Poutine was just warm enough to eat, I gave them three stars because it was delicious. Regular and sweet potato fries with pulled pork which tasted amazing. I would like to give this place another try on a less busy day.
Since when does "all you can eat" mean 3 orders of 3 ribs only. Last time I checked that is not all you can eat.The Mac-n-cheese is Velveeta crap, The first order of ribs were good, then the other ones came charred and tasteless. They had to ask how many beer we had (Umm you served us.. you should know that...)To be told "sorry it's not all you can eat it's 3 orders only" when it clearly says all you can eat and isn't noted only 3. My last order showed up with 2 ribs. I order more and was told I'd have to pay for an order.It's gone waaay downhill.
Ordered BBQ chicken sandwich, poutine and mac & cheese. For the amount we paid, the chicken sandwich was small, the poutine was not that good and the mac & cheese was a Velveeta ready-made dinner. Do not recommend.
Ordered the Poboy sandwhich. The sandwich was great, and ordered the Mac and cheese. Having been to many BBQ places in Canada and the states, the Mac and cheese is the reason I'm giving 3 stars. I'm almost certain that it's Kraft dinner velveeta. Not terrible but I could have done the same thing in my pjs in my kitchen. Really not worth spending more than a box of Kraft dinner at Walmart.Not real Mac and cheese whatsoever, and it was the part I was excited about the most. IF I come back here I'll definitely only be ordering a sandwhich and fries.
Wow. Their BBQ is just terrible. Super tough beef rib. Fatty pulled pork. Even the beef brisket was almost impossible to eat. So tough and tasteless. I'm not sure how they can possibly get BBQ to taste like this. Even the sides were disappointing, baked beans that were still hard. Won't eat here again.
I went here for poutine week. Their special was ridiculously good. I went to 8 other places and Bofinger had the best. I grew up in the southeastern United States, so when I see restaurants outside of this region that claim to specialize in barbecue I'm always skeptical. But these guys really seem to know what they're doing. Delicious!
Love this place! Have had nearly everything on the menu, and my faves are the club, portobello mushroom burger (yes this meat house does a proper vegetarian substitute) and of course the pork ribs! This is a proper smokehouse!
Came here for a late lunch. The ordering concept was interesting, the decoration was appropriate and in theme, but unfortunately the food was quite disappointing. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. The pork was chewy not tender. It felt like it had been cooked and then forgotten on the counter and dried out. The flavor was there, but the texture and moisture wasn't. Disappointing. Same with the fries. They had already been cooked and were simply deep fried a second time. They tasted oily and were very soggy. Not something I look forward to in a frie. I tried my gfs BBQ pork ribs: again it tasted good flavor wise, but seemed very dry.Overall, the BBQ flavor was great, but the food wasnt.
Get ready to use those paper towels!If you like American BBQ, this is the place.  Great sandwiches w/ fries for a good price.  I dig it!I grabbed the Beef Brisket Sandwich combo w/ a drink and landed at $10.24 after tax.  Yum!We got there just before noon and there was no line.  We were lucky because after we ordered and sat down, a HUGE line formed because the local high school students just got out for lunch.  Make sure you get there before they do!There's great outdoor seating if you're there on a sunny day.  Nice spot for a relaxing lunch w/ friends.
Now, I've had the real deal BBQ in the past. Bowfinger is "ok" BBQ, but definitely not the real deal.I had the Assiette de Viande (large), it comes with two sides. I ordered Beef and Pork, then Mac N Cheese and Coleslaw.The beef was a bit dry, they reheat the meat by the way.  There isn't enough turn around to have a smoker running 24 hours a day.  Porc was good but not great.
We were looking for a " family friendly" restaurant to have a few drinks and an early dinner. Most of the restaurants we walked past were quaint, cute French bistros with very tight seating. With a 22 month old, that just wasn't gonna happen. Happened upon this place and decided to give it a try. Glad we did! The beef ribs were incredible. So much flavor and cooked to perfection. Had a Moosehead beer with it - the perfect complement. Kids had room to fiddle in their chairs (patio cushion type seating) and Mommy and Daddy were very happy. Very happy with our first meal in Montreal !
A place to get an American style BBQ fix in Montreal, nothing more.  They're on the pricier side, but then, given this is Montreal, they're actually a decent value.  They have pretty good pork ribs.  Chicken & beef were dry and hard.  Extra sauce on the side always helps.  I liked their fries more than their meat, though... crispy and salty... really unhealthy, but you don't eat fries to be healthy, so for a "bad" food, they were great.  Potato salad was pretty good, too.  Mac-n-cheese was kind of like the Kraft box ones. They deliver!!!!  Always give an extra star for delivery!
This piece of heaven is designed to make you feel like you've died and woke up in the suburbs, but the suburbs of Texas or Houston or the Mississippi, unfortunately the cooks are all from here which means it's about as authentic as a bottle of BBQ sauce that says, 'Imported from El Paso Texas'. I had the ribs and tried the pulled pork at different times, if you have ever tried to make either of these things it's not that hard after a few times so when a place says it's known for it, they better be better than the junk you make, and they weren't, too dry, warm and drowning in sauce makes you feel like you had some food from down south but you took the wrong exit. I would give this place a few more years to get better or just give er up and head on back to the ranch.
Nice calm lounge! Great location!Ordered the Mango juice with bubbles! its really good and the cups a pretty big! a little cheaper than the average placesI would definitely recommend this place
As I mentioned in an earlier review, Magic Idea is one of a few places vying for second place in my estimation of the best places for bubble tea in Montreal.  The bubbles are a little fluffier than I like, but they still have a satisfyingly chewy center, for the most part.   They're just not perfect.I really like the fact that Magic Idea is open until midnight every night, they have a wide variety of flavors available, and they have a stamp card so after 9 teas, the 10th is free.  I also really love the tall glass mugs, they're just super cool, to me.You'll often find a lot of Concordia students here, given the proximity to the campus, and the free WiFi.Unfortunately they only accept debit cards and cash, so if you prefer credit like me, remember to bring cash.  The bathrooms are also pretty grungy.Overall, a very nice tea room, and worth a visit.
Went there a few times since it close to school. Their bubble teas are not the best, but they are still good (also a bit cheaper than the others). Food is also quite good, and really cheap. I think it is a great place to study, since they also have wifi. Service is fast and courteous.
Small Lychee bubble teaFish ballsSmall fried chicken wingsThick toast- sesameand Sichuan shrimp rice.$30Good.  Not great.  But I can see this being a nice cheap spot to hangout and eat for Concordia students.The bbt is a bit watered down- not as dense as I'd like fresh fruit to be.The pearls though are very goodAnd the portions are VERY big.  Good place.  Not amazing.
If there's anything you should know about me, I can't go a full week without bubble tea. I was on vacation here from US, and I was suffering from major bubble tea withdrawal. I stopped by here after a long day of walking to escape the scathing wind. There was only one girl handling all the work in the front, so it was understandable that service was quite slow. I ordered the jasmine milk tea while my boyfriend ordered their mango bubble tea, and  both were DELISH~ I'm a pretty picky person when it comes to my bubble tea, but this place exceeded my expectations. The jasmine milk tea was on point, milky but also able to taste the green tea flavor in it.  I tasted some milk in the mango bubble tea, even though the waitress told us it had no milk in it. My boyfriend is lactose intolerant, so he wasn't actually able to drink his drink, but hey, that means more for me! :) I believe that they also serve a variety of noodle soups to warm yourself up. They have plenty of space in there, so it looks like a great spot to hang out. Definitely recommend stopping by here for great milk tea!PS: their menus look like storybooks! PPS: They have wifi!
They have amazing bubble tea (the extra-large size is humongous so be careful what you wish for), and their dishes are alright.The food was acceptable and the decor was okay. I love how they have many TVs with different sports channels, so that all kinds of sports fans can enjoy themselves.
5 stars goes to the bubble tea!  Strawberry milk tea is great, taro milk green tea is great, or just plain milk green tea sugar free (now that I'm on a diet) is great!  I like the seafood undon noodles soup is amazing there and also I always order the pork vermicilli noodles.  Reasonable price and great for my taste buds.
This is my new favorite bubble tea place. Prices are goodand I highly reccomend the cantonese fried noodles, with chicken. They also serves meals and snacks. Its really closeby the metro and John Molson, so friends can come grab a bubble tea and play some cards. Theres a lounge section seated here too, with TVs and plenty of entertainment stuffs. Great for friends!
This is a great place for desert, they have everything from fondue, crepes to waffles.They have a wide selection of hot chocolates and they are phenomenal.I suggest you take the platter of everything, it's for 2 people and you have more then enough to indulge in. The only issue I had was the service... A bit slow but overall a very enjoyable experience
this place was popping on a sat night! we had nothing else to do so we decided to wait and grab some dessert after dinner.  about 15 mins later, they had a table ready for us.the menu has so many choices! it reminded me of max brenner! .. basically just like it haha.  we ordered an apple crepe and a frozen hot chocolate.  everything was just as expected~ really hit the spot since we were craving dessert for that sweet finish.i like it that the crepe and the cinnamon apples weren't too sweet.  crepe was nice n thin~ warm and refreshing.. very comforting on a cold winter day in canada!the frozen hot chocolate was nice, the chocolate was much heavier that i thought.. then again, i always underestimate how filling chocolate can be! haha overall, it's a really relaxing hangout spot! i wish i have something like it around where i live.. something that isn't extremely overpriced like max brenner.. the dessert was nothing spectacular but i guess the company you're with is what's most important :)
Disappointment. The place looks cool so the four of us wandered in at the end of a long day to get our dessert. The menu doesn't really have small desserts (at least not for small prices). I got a classic chocolate fondue with dark chocolate - which was really too sweet for what dark chocolate should taste like, but it was the best thing on the table. too bad that there wasn't enough fondue  for all the pieces of fruit, brownie and waffle that came with it. There wasn't a candle to keep it warm so it got cold quickly when you dipped cold fruit into it.  My friends got hot chocolates (dark and semi sweet) which they say is not impressive and not as good as "Juliet et Chocolate" (where I would recommend you visit instead). They also shared a triple chocolate cake that was served in an uncomfortable brandy glass with lots of whipped cream, but it didn't look good - nor did they like it - it was left mostly uneaten. Another friend had a parfait which he claimed to be like a milkshake and different from what he expected by the menu description and picture. In short - if you want a big sweet mediocre chocolate meal - you can get it here, but don't expect much (except for a slight nausea  feeling). Across the street, at Premier Moisson  you will find better desserts for a smaller price. If it's a chocolate meal you really want you'll do better at Juliet et Chocolate (much better value).  We will not be back.  Oh - service was fine - therefore they get two stars.
Very good! Even better than I anticipated. Great late night date spot. We had never been so decided to get the sampler -- My favorite was the banana split waffle (so bomb, def getting next time). I literally woke up thinking about it this morning it was so good. My girlfriend said her favorites were the fondu and pizza. A+ Higly recommended.
I was visiting from the U.S. And wanted to eat some breakfast before hitting up the shops on the same street. I browsed around the street and looked at many menus and cacao 70s looked the best so this was where we chose to eat. The restaurant is very pretty and classy. They had the screen open so you could look at the beautiful street while you eat. We had a great view of the street. Our waitress was very nice and explained some of the dishes to us. Most importantly, the restaurant did not smell, especially not of fried food! We chose to order two dishes- chocolate peanut butter fondue and white chocolate crepes. It was my first time ever eating fondue and it was beyond amazing. It was chocolate mixed with peanut butter and came with strawberries, bananas, pineapple and chopped brownies and waffles. The brownies and waffles were to die for. The white chocolate crepe was delicious but simple. I absolutely loved what we ordered. The menu looked fantastic and had chocolate pizzas, waffles and hot chocolate I would love to go back and try someday. One of the best things about the restaurant was it had free wifi with a great connection. we were grateful because we did not have access to our phones in Canada. Cacao 70 will be one of my first stops next time I visit Montreal. I tried some other breakfast places and this was by far the best one. The prices were reasonable compared to everywhere else.
love it dont know why this one is rated less high than the others, i like there strawbery shortcake parfait, chocolate drinks but dont like the pizza with marshmello its just too much.
While vacationing in Montreal, we came across cacao 70 cafe. The menu looked awesome, and it ended up being just that. Had to have fondu, the dipping for it was very creative. My favorite was the waffle chunks. Now I must remember to order a dish just with waffle next time around. Our waitress, Stephanie was very friendly and helpful. It's great to be on vacation and have positive people serve you.
I would like to start by saying that this was the first restaurant we dined at upon arriving in Montreal last Tuesday afternoon.  We were strolling down Mont Royal looking for a tasty place to eat and this fine establishment caught our eye.We walked in and didn't have to wait long to be seated.  My partner, mother, father, and I shared a booth near the open window.  I must note that it was extremely warm.  The weather outside was pretty unbearable, however being inside did not help much as I don't think they had any AC on at all!  We received three menus.  One had typical breakfast items and sandwiches, one had sweet entrees, and the other had chocolate varieties.  It was a bit overwhelming but there were many pictures of very delicious looking foods - yum!The nice and pretty waitress came to take our order.  My partner attempted to order a beer, which was on the menu, however the nice and pretty waitress informed us that they don't yet have a liquor license because they're "new" and are, therefore, unable to serve him the beer.  This is unacceptable.  If there is beer on the menu, there best be beer in our bellies.I ordered the vegetarian omelette, which came with a starter of fruits and warm melted chocolate for dipping.  It was strange that the bananas came unpeeled and the strawberries were oddly shaped.  Nonetheless, the warm melted chocolate was delicious!We waited about 20 minutes for our main dishes to arrive.  My partner and mother ordered the vegetarian sandwich.  My mother is a big fan of bacon, so she decided to add bacon to hers for an extra fee.  However, when her sandwich arrived she described the bacon as "the same kind they use at Tim Hortons, the kind you microwave"... Very disappointing for an esteemed restaurant. Soggy bacon is not acceptable.At this time I would like to say that there was the cutest little child ever sitting at a table by ours. He had a nice watch on and a great haircut.  Best wishes growing up, kid!Onto a different note, we noticed something a little fishy in the bathrooms.  There were signs in the stalls that requested we put our USED toilet paper in the garbage bins (which were open, without lids) rather than the toilets.  I wonder how sanitary this is... I get it if your toilets aren't working so well but at least get a garbage bin with a lid on it to avoid gross things getting in the air.  Please either get a plumber or rethink your waste management outlook.  I was appalled. Though our savoury meals were satisfactory, in hindsight I think it would be best to come to Cacao 70 with a sweet tooth, if you know what I mean. Our teeth wanted salty brunch, but Cacao 70 is more suited for someone with teeth interested in something a little more chocolatey, or "cacao-y", as they might put it themselves. Overall I'm still not sure how to pronounce "cacao" correctly, but this mont-royal chocolate emporium had me thinking "bring on the sweets!". A nice start to the vacation in Montreal. I plan to return for a chocolate waffle, or maybe even a piece of chocolate on its own, or fondue or hot chocolate. As soon as they get their plumbing fixed. Maybe it's fixed already, who knows?
3.5 stars. I need to try this location again, but not for Sunday brunch. I get the Montreal's weekend brunch culture is popular and therefore restaurants become very hectic but there was no organization practiced here at all. I thought we were lucky to be seated right away and on the patio! Score! Except we were surrounded by tables of really needy types of tourists. So my table of two slipped the minds of the waiters I suppose and I waited at least 30 minutes for some coffee. And then waited for food. And then waited and waited for the bill. And waited while the waiter said he would get the machine but cleared tables instead. And I wouldn't be bothered by any of this if I didn't know right across the street in my view is the always busy but organized L'Avenue where even though they are super busy they take the time to give you juice and always refill your coffee. I'm not mad about the experience at Cacao 70 because everyone working there seemed new and like they had never worked a Sunday brunch rush before. And maybe they hadn't. But my lesson was learned. Don't go for breakfast. All that aside, the food was pretty good. I love chocolate so that was perfect, the crepe was okay. I wouldn't suggest ordering a side of bacon. It was that kind that is as thin as paper. Not very good. My boyfriend was satisfied by his omelette. I will try again for dessert someday in hopes of a better experience.
The pastries are so good and so cheap. It's impossible to dislike. I spend most of my time downtown so I go to Coco bun which is the same chain. My favourites are the relish and hotdog buns, meat patties, spinach pastries,  and cheese buns. The staff is always so lovely. The place is always packed and they get everything done pretty fast.
This place has got it going on! Before I describe the food though, heads up about a weird practice: when we went to pay (with our Visa and Mastercard debit cards ), the lady said they only take local debit cards, or cash. I don't get it. I grumbled for a few minutes, but ultimately, we found a couple ATM's directly across the street. Ok, back to happiness. This place is a well-oiled machine, with a wonderful variety of baked treasures! They have about 8 different warm options, with egg, sausages, etc. They have countless other options too. All of them looked great! We had a warm tuna bun, some crunchy  sesame balls, a toasty cheese loaf, and an almond  cookie. My sweetie also had coffee, and said it was good. Everything hit the spot! Oh, it was all easy on the wallet too!These guys are fast and orgnized. We'll definitely be back.
This Chinese bakery right by the Montreal convention center saved our lives with freshly baked pork buns, warm Portuguese and Chinese egg tarts, and crunchy almond cookies. They have lots of options, and almost everything was under 2$ CAD!
Love this place!Located in chinatown, it's cute, affordable, clean and SUPER DELICIOUS! I've tried their matcha roll cakes, cream cakes, chocolate eclairs and egg tarts and seriously, they are sooo good! The one thing I love about asian baked goods is that it's just the perfect amount of sweetness and it's never overly sweet which can get sickening. I've noticed that their cream is super smooth and perfectly sweet and their egg tarts are seriously 10/10. Will definitely come here again and get some other baked goods! Yumm
This Chinatown bakery is one of the cleanest and most organized ones I've been to. The large assortment of buns and cakes all looked really appetizing. We stopped in here twice, and both times it was pretty packed. We ended up trying a roasted pork bun and a sesame ball with red bean paste - they were both okay and not the best we've had, but the environment just in itself would make me want to go back.
Basically our favorite breakfast pastry shop. The baked goods are sooooo delicious, you don't need to try any other shops down the street. Everything is fresh, and it's always packed (so you know it's great). I loved grabbing an iced Hong Kong style tea (in the cold? yeah I know) with some egg tarts and pineapple buns. There are also plenty of snacks to buy for the road (Pocky!). Other great selections we tried, was the shredded pork buns, custard buns, and swiss rolls.Yum yum yum :)
Very fresh egg tarts and sponge cakes. Good value for money. I particularly liked the green tea cheesecake sponge cake. An awesome place to pick up bakery goods as snacks or to pack while traveling.
I loved seeing the pretty Hello Kitty & Keroppi bao. I was definitely most disappointed in the very bland but visually appealing tuna salad soufflé-ish bun. The rest were incredible though (in terms of freshness/cushiness)! The buns were still warm when we purchased them & the establishment was packed. Cannot say whether the Easter weekend panic or the flawless baking skills of the staff were to blame. The BBQ pork bun was absolutely delicious with generous chunks of meat, the sachima was fantastically crunchy with the right amount of sticky sugary goo & I loved the sweet cream cheese bun that was larger/plainer/flatter-looking than the rest. However, the coconut cocktail is my ultimate favorite every single time. Would very highly recommend & revisit on my next trip to Montréal.
This place was so delicious and cheap. I had: Egg Tart (danta)The danta here are big and good! The egg was perfect and not overly sweet. I packed it with me on my flight to Toronto and it kept well the next day! Plus I'm sure everyone was envious as I devoured my danta on the plane. Portugese Egg TartAlso very good! These are a bit flakier, with a sweeter egg center. They're oh so good. Mochi (coconut sesame and honeydew)These were really good! I've never had mochi in coconut or honeydew flavors and these did not disappoint. Boba milk teaStandard boba milk tea - boba was chewy and soft, milk tea was good but I wish it had a bit more of a tea flavor. Overall I highly recommend Partisserie Harmonie. It's such an on-point Chinese bakery that I would say it could rival the bakeries in SF. it's that good!
Saw a few reviews on yelp about this Asian bakery and had to drop. Out of all of the Asian bakeries that we saw in chinatown, this one had the most variety.Taro bun - the taro was abundant and the sweet flavor was great, but outside texture of the bun is a little bit more firm than what I'm used to.Red bean sesame bun - the red bean had the perfect texture and the sweetness was just right. The sesame seeds on the outside gave this bun a lovely nutty taste.BBQ pork bun - the pork meat was shredded and the sauce was a little bit too sweet for my taste.Red bean mochi - the mochi was soft, but the dough itself was a little flavorless. Scallion bun - the texture was soft and the green onions and hint of salt on top made the perfect combo.Scallion and pork floss roll - I didn't taste this bun, hubby picked this one, but didn't eat it until a few days later so the taste wasn't the same if it were freshPork and onion puff - another item that the hubby picked out. I didn't get to taste it, but the aromas were tantalizing. Overall, since chinatown is so small and doesn't have that many bakeries, I would drop by again to grab a few pastries if I had a craving.  Richmond, BC definitely beats Montreal in the Asian pastries department.  I would recommend the taro bun, red bean sesame bun, & the scallion bun.
This review is for their egg tarts only. They were GREAT! It was super difficult to find a decent place in Chinatown to eat! We finally settled for Patisserie La Legende across the street and then came over here to get some egg tarts to go. They were the right choice.
Patisserie Harmonie was a lifesaver for us during our stay in Montreal.  This Asian bakery is located in Montreal's tiny Chinatown, and it was very close to our hotel.  Made it very convenient to visit here just about anytime we wanted to.  Here is a rundown on what we tried here.Hong Kong Egg Tarts are yummy!  Crust is light and flaky.  Definitely, some of the best egg tarts that I have ever eaten!  (5 stars)Portuguese Egg Tarts were good.  Crust was a bit too burnt for my liking.  (3.75 stars)Fried Chinese Beignet donut.  Yummy goodness!  (4 stars)Shredded Pork Bun.  My wife liked this goodie a lot!  (4 stars)Banana Rice cake (mochi).  Not bad at all.  (3.5 stars)Sweet Crusted Brioche had No Filling!  Still delicious, though.  (4 stars)Mango and Peanut Mochi is really good.  The texture goes crazy in your mouth.  The filling is generous.  Cannot taste the mango mochi though.  It is overpowered by the peanut and coconut filling.  (4.25 stars)Bbq Pork bun is hot and good tasting.  (4 stars)These were not all the food that we ate here during our 5 night stay.  Just some tidbits of information.  There was more that we wanted to try, but our metabolisms would not allow.Depending on what time of the day you go, this bakery can get very busy and crowded.  The crew does a good job of keeping the line moving.  They also do a fine job of keeping the shop clean and organized.I wish that Patisserie Harmonie was in my hometown. Oh well... Chances of returning here our 100% during our next trip to Montreal!
The place itself is separated into two sides, which was a bit confusing upon entering. There's a great variety of pastries and the ones I tried were delicious. Their pineapple buns are also gigantic.
A variety of asian baked pastries and bubble mik teas.-Sweetheart Cake- a different take on winter melon inside. Actually had some small solid crunchy pieces, not as sweet as others-Portugese egg tart- warm, flaky crust, soft egg custard w a light carmelized layer on top. To me this is very similar to their Hong Kong egg tart though slighty smaller. -Hong Kong egg tart-soft buttery crust, soft egg custard.
Went in on a fluke & found the unique black sesame bun & even more amazing almond milk tea! I'm Taiwanese so I know my milk teas & this was life changing!
Overall reasonable set up. Concept is a dime a dozen on this stretch of Montreal's Chinatown. We stopped in early AM on a sunday and grabbed a few buns and bubble tea to get the bridal party through our hair and makeup. Food was reasonable but experience otherwise was less than appealing. They didn't take credit cards unless it was "local" and when we went to pay for our $20.45 bill, fortunately my friend had a $20 dollar bill (American) we didn't have 45 cents, we just didn't but with the dollar 1.3 exchange rate... You do the math. We were fine taking the nearly $6 hit but they weren't ok with us not having 45 cents?? Unreal. Do not recommend.
Perfectly average Chinese buns, pastries, and baked goods, although served in a nicer, cleaner looking shop than most of its Chinatown neighbors. The egg tarts (dan tat) are decent and authentic. Not necessarily the best Chinese baked goods I've ever had, but I suspect the overall quality of Chinese food to be had here in Montréal pales in comparison to areas with larger, more competitive Chinese markets like Toronto (Markham), Vancouver (Richmond), NYC (Queens), and LA (San Gabriel Valley).
Holy Buns! I came here twice in my short weekend trip to Montreal. This place has the deliciousness of a hole in the wall asian bakery but delivered with organization and style! They had every kind of baked good/dessert you could imagine and had everything clearly labeled. The price point is a little more than you'd expect from an asian bakery but everything is fresh, fully stocked and clean. I chose a coconut bun, red bean flaky bun, and 2 red bean sesame balls. My total was under $6 so I was very pleased with my selection. They also offer hot buns and snacks and I saw that they serve Boba Teas as well. On my next trip I'll have to experience both of those! I wish there was one of these in Portland, but alas, I'll have to make the trip back up to Monteal to get my fix!
I love Chinese buns and this is where I get my cravings out!This place has a very good assortment of baked goods. Very reasonable priced, clean shop and the staff is very friendly and hepful. They are also open until late at night, that's a plus to me.The Chinatown in Montreal is rather small, if you are comparing to other cities in the world, but here I would say this is the best Asian bakery of Montreal's Chinatown.If you go on Sundays afternoons you might not get the same variety or freshness on the baked goods.
Buns, Buns, Buns! Bakery got buns!! what more can you ask for?! They have a bun inception aka the cha siew bow inside a pineapple bun. The don tots are good, really good. Price are decent and the dough they use are fluffier than the ones I get in NYC. I even brought a box of buns on the airplane so I can enjoy them at home. Would like to return if in the Montreal area again.
Love this place and every time I got to Chinatown I have to stop there for a few treats and a bubble tea.Everything there is so good and also very cheap. They have sweet and salty pasties and so many different flavors of bubble tea.The line is big at time but it is worth the way and they do take the bank card now...5$ min
I was upset that I lived in Montreal because I could not get Chinese egg tarts anymore.  Until I found this place!  The best Chinese bakery in Montreal is definitely Patisserie Harmonie.  The place although small, has a huge selection of buns, sweets and even serves bubble tea and dessert drinks!  They also have a massive selection of cakes baked fresh daily along with single slices if you're looking to party alone!The service is great here and the employees often tell you about the specials they have in store.  I also have come across many situations in the evenings when I go after work, and the employees just end up giving me free buns because they are closing for the day.  You don't get that kind of service at most Chinese bakeries!Overall I'm so glad I found this place as they filled that Chinese bakery void in my stomach in Montreal.  I'll keep coming back here, the have great buns!
Okay. Preface: I love egg tarts. I also love little Asian bakeries because it reminds me of home (LA). So low and behold, I find myself traveling through Montreal, stumbling on this particular Asian bakery and delighting myself to TWO egg tarts before dinner. When you travel by yourself you get to make these kind of wild decisions.Anywho - they were delicious and just the right price. In addition, the ladies who worked there had great light hearted humor. I said I wanted two egg tarts - to which jokingly they replied, "TWO BOXES of egg tarts?" (This is funny, trust me.) Me: Can I just get two egg tarts?Cashier: No.(Group laughter follows and I get my two egg tarts and with that I am on my way).
I'm going to be craving their honeydew bubble tea for years to come now. Very unfortunate, as I live 3 hours away. :(
Love almost all the savoury buns they offer, the sweet brioche used in Chinese baking is a welcome and unusual combination. I usually don't care much for the desserts as I find them lacking in taste, but you can't go wrong with the buns!
First things, first...get a tray and a pair of tongs then peruse the shelves for what bread or pastry jumps out to you. Stack 'em as high as your tray can handle and head over to the counter so they can box it up for you nice and good. Make sure you have cash...it's cash only!What did I get? Well, for starters, I went with their PORK FLOSS, then I saw they had a SPICY ONE so I also got that, next was their HOTDOG BREAD, and I thought I already had too much but we saw the EGG TARTS, and finally on our way to the register we came across the CUSTARD FILLED-BREAD. Bottom line, if you love fresh baked buttery pastries, walking in here is like going inside a candy store. Most of the items cost about $1-$2 so don't get carried away. Remember, "a moment on your lips, a lifetime on your hips"! My favorites? Honestly, it's the SPICY PORK FLOSS that really left a mark on my palate. It's shredded dried pork drizzled on a buttery bun. No filling but the topping is more than enough to make this pastry burst with savory flavors. Not to mention, it's pretty filling! The spicy level wasn't as high as I hoped it would be but then again, I like spicy food. For me it's mild so maybe for others it's spicy enough. The PORK FLOSS that's shaped almost like a square is another fave. Not spicy but the pork is drizzled on some mayo on top of the bread. That added fat just sealed the deal for me. I didn't get to try the egg tarts and custard bread since my friend ate them all. I hear they were good! The hotdog bread on the other hand was nothing to write home about.Make sure to come in the morning to get the "freshest" pastries and bread. They also have quite a selection of bubble milk teas that looked really good. Now, I regret not trying any.
Cheap, filling and tasty buns and pastries.My favorite is the beef curry bun. Delicious.The melon bun isn't bad, but their salty buns are better.I think I tried the fish one most recently and it was surprisingly good!Harmonie is a chain, BTW, there's another one at the Guy exit of Guy Concordia metro and one in Alexis Nihon near the Atwater metro entrance.Quality is identical across locations, in terms of value for money, these guys have it spot on.Highly recommended, safe bet.
Came across this place while exploring Chinatown. It was a busy and apparently very popular bakery for the local. Not only it cater the certain clientele in the chinatown area, there were a lot of non-asian clientele that frequent the bakery.It's affordable and from what it seems like a pretty decent quality. Baked goods tasted pretty good.
A lot of people very much enjoy this place, that's evident by the crowds and high ratings.  I am not one of those people.  I might just be a bit too spoiled by the fact I live near the largest Chinatown in the world, outside of China itself.  I am sure their bubble teas are delish but that's not all that difficult to accomplish.  The pastry I purchased was stale and without much custard filling.  Definitely not the best and surprisingly so.  I wouldn't try it again.  Given there aren't that many Asian bakery choices in Montreal, it makes a little sense that this establishment does well. The upside?  It's cheap!
Got an egg tart. It was awesome. They also broke a 50 for me which was really nice of them! Will be back again tomorrow for breakfast.
Patisserie Harmoine is located in Chinatown and they probably have the best bread buns I've ever had! I also got egg tarts which were 6 for $5 (very yummy). The only regret I have is not getting more buns while I was there!
Just love your dessert I wish you don't change anything your staff is very friendly also well kept and clean love your staff and also love to see your bakery in little Italy
I was excited to pick up some Chinese pastries after craving them all these months. I read the reviews, and decided to drag my friends to Montreal's teeny Chinatown to let them try the beautiful buns themselves. What a drag! I could've gone to the cocobun in guy concordia, because they carry the exact same products. I went to Harmonie on a sunday evening, when the bakery was sparse with leftover pastries. I decided to try something new. I bought a small preserved egg-filled pastry for $1.50. Call me a cheap for saying this, but for 1.50 it was totally not worth it. Overpriced for that little ball of average. Where should I be getting a fresh, fluffy coconut bun not produced by some lousy pastry chain??
I've going there for a few years now, 3-4 times a year. I love the pastries in there. I always buy a lot of them, put some in the freezer for my mom in Sherbrooke who loves them. I tried hot stuffed buns one time, as well as the red bean stuffed thing, and it's not for me. As for the sweet pastries: love them!! I especially love the steam cake (is it how you call it?) I could eat that all that! Definitely a place I'll go back to for the years to come.
We went there for some buns and bubble tea. Firstly, they do not take credit cards (they do take debit) except I am from the U.S. and had limited Canadian dollars. They said they will take USD but at a 1 to 1 ratio - a 25% rip-off!! We ordered the strawberry mango smoothie which was too sweet from the mango syrup. The honey dew smoothie was standard. The pork bun didn't have much pork - took at least 5 bites into it before discovering a little meat. Haven't had the pineapple bun yet, but the top pastry crust is quite orange, possibly food coloring. Service was not friendly, not surprised. Finally the line to get your bubble tea was chaotic. Not impressed.
Good cheap place to grab a bubble tea and decent chinese baked goods. Clean place and good service. Theres a good variety of drinks and they are very good and not too expensive. The pastries are a hit-or-miss but nothing is really bad. I mean, where can you grab filling food for this cheap ? One thing I don't like about some buns is that there isn't enough filling.
I have been to Patisserie Harmonie several times and it is a great place to pick up some dan tat (Chinese egg tarts), buns, or whatever else you may be craving.We went here after lunch to have a bubble tea, which is a first for me here. Don't know why but I've never tried their BBT until now.  I had a plain mango BBT ($4) and my friend had black tea or something along those lines. Anyways, both were good - refreshing, not too sweet and perfect for our post-Kazu walk.They have great pastries so make sure you grab a few for home if your already there.
Bakeries are still a relatively rare site in China. In modern China the populace has embraced bread, but on their terms.  Patisserie Harmonie in the heart of Chinatown is evidence to that. The display cases along every wall are filled with assorted baked goods providing ample evidence that you are in a bakery. The fresh baked smell of bread wafting through the air is noticeably absent and a closer look at the items on display appear garners a bit of curiosity, a slight craving, and a bit of nausea.A few gems can be found that are worth trying.  The egg tarts are a classic and if you can get them warm they are worth trying here.  There's a coconut custard filled bun that is also not bad, but it seems they may have discontinued it recently.  I'd steer clear of anything with meat floss or mayonnaise or excessive amounts of sugar cream, but that's just me.  The slightly warm buns filled with assorted meats including but not limited to curry pork and bbq pork are more stomach churning than mouth watering for me so I avoid them like the plague.Aside from that the store is usually quite busy which means food is fresh and lines are long. It's not always the cleanest place, though for Chinatown it's about average. It's certainly a Chinese style bakery, but it's not a terribly great example.  There are a few more Chinese bakeries spread around the city (Guy-Concordia metro and Atwater metro) and I actually prefer them, but when in Chinatown this is the place to get your fix.
i was once a student. well, i'm still one but not the full-time university bachelor student i once was and this place basically saved me from starvation during the hard days!where can you find decent filling food for under $2? i mean, one can get so much of kraft mac n cheese and tomato soup..place used to be smaller. they still offer the same stuff as i remember them from 5-6 years ago. it's not the greatest thing in the world, it's probably not good for your health either but its like crack, its an addiction.bubble teas are not bad but i'm not a fan of powder drinks.when i'm in chinatown, hungry and don't feel like going for a sit down meal, this place is the only place i go to because it's cheap, service is fast and addictive
We liked the egg custard "dan tart" and the black sesame mochi. We didn't like have taro slushy with boba. Way too sweet. This is our 3rd day in montreal and we have frequented there 3rd times.  I guess their quality and price are in line.
I love this place! seriously!! The bread desserts are a great treat if you don't want anything too sweet; the hot-dog "pastry" is super tasty believe it or not and their "slushes" are fantastic (and made with real fruit!!).Prices are super worth it ($1 or so per small pastry).. $3 or so for a big slush... I love going to this place!!! if you're in the area, you should definitely go in!
Chinese bakery in the middle of Montreal's Chinatown.   Not bad,  but nothing new or exciting in here.   Coming from the GTA,  I guess I have been spoiled with all the good bakeries in the area. Place is small but the smell of fresh baked goods was pretty good.  Couldn't help but to purchase a few little treats and some bubble tea.   Lol
Cake on the brain cake on the brain! Sometimes it happens that I just want cake and Montreal is a city where I feel there are limited choices...unless you want to pay $7-10 for a fancy slice somewhere...fancy. Even then...where to go for a really good slice of fresh home made chocolate or white cake with buttercream icing? A few moons ago I ended up in "Chinatown" with a friend and after dinner were looking for a sweet shop. She mentioned Harmony so we walked in and I was taken aback...what were all of these perfectly formed, sweetly packaged cakes?! Sponge cakes of all kinds...lighter than air - green tea cake, red bean (sounds odd but is actually quite lovely!)...most with a nice white cream filling. I sampled quite a few and they were all divine and truly inexpensive. You could take 2-3 to go and have a tea party chez vous for under $6. HIGHLY recommend their green tea roll w. little flecks of red bean as well as the classic white sponge triangles. PERFECTION!
Well it is the best Harmonie Bakery I've been to (the others are located at Atwater and Concordia). The buns are not overcooked or burnt like other places, and most of them are just out of the oven in the past few hours.The only downside is that they only accept cash, and the place is really too small to fit so many hungry people looking for baked goods.
This place is amazing for all your asian bakery needs.  My faves are Char Siu Bau (BBQ Pork) and Coconut buns!  Lineups can be long and people are buzzing like bees in here so be patient!  at around $1 a bun it's great value!!!
My arteries will not thank me for visiting Harmonie countless times over the years. Even now that I do not live permanently in Montreal, this bakery becomes a must-do appointment whenever I am in Chinatown. Harmonie has an outstanding selection of buns to suit every taste. The sweet ones revolve around red bean, taro, coconut and custard. The savoury ones are mostly pork and some beef, though I rarely go that way anyway.Ladies, gentlemen: one word: TONGS. Use them! Unless you are picking up pre-packed items from the center counter or the fridge, do not touch what's about to become my food.My staple diet at Harmonie consists of coconut whipped cream buns, mochis, green tea sponge cake and at least one taro bun. If you are having more than just a dessert on-the-go, it's worth getting some more buns and asking for a box at the cashier. With a smile and the dexterity of a magician, your full tray is boxed and bagged before you can say "yum". Proving the virtuous circle theory, Harmonie has such a high throughput they can afford to charge almost nothing for awesomely-baked goodness, which means they attract more customers, which means they have a high throughput; bake for 30 minutes, taste, repeat.I fed, filling up for good, a 3-person office and a 2-person family for $12.75. It is absurdly cheaper than celery, and certainly more pleasant to eat.The bubble tea selection (enormous with endless customizations) deserves an honourable mention. I always go for the less sweet ones, and could even recommend the just-green-tea version - your blood vessels might thank you in the future. In the meantime, please do check this place out.Oh, yes: CASH  ONLY.
This place isn't bad.  It's got nothing on what you'd find in TO and other cities with larger Chinese communities.The food is cheap and it's a good way to stock up if you want some cheap eats throughout the days.  It doesn't just have sweets!  You can get buns filled with meats...man that sounded dirty.  Anyways, you can load up almost a days worth of food for around $10 and allow you to stroll through MTL until dinner or later
This place is always buzzing with customers. Great place for asian pastries. They have a huge variety despite the size of the shop. They even have a taro puff pastry that I cant find in Los angeles. Only complaint, a little on the expensive side. But there is no other store that can compare.
I have found that there are not as many pastries to choose from at this shop, than some of the other shops on the block.  But, I do think that the bubble tea here is better than the other bakeries.  My favorite is the Grapefruit Green Tea.  Other than that, the staff here was kind of rude to me- like they did not want me to be there in the first place.   That was off-putting.
My family and I wandered in looking for a light breakfast and the buns we got were all fresh and warm.  We also got the mochi patties filled with sesame paste and creamy custard.  They were both really good with the perfect amount of sweetness and not too sticky.  Their warm milk tea was good as well.  I wish we had come back here again before we left the city, but unfortunately we didn't have the time.
Excellent egg tarts (both portugese and chinese style) and great milk tea (not too sweet). Roast pork bun was ok - better was the cream filled bun! Hubby and I came for a quick but delicious breakfast.
This place makes some awesome asian pastries and excellent Hong Kong style milk tea!! They offer all the usual asian bakery suspects, such as beef curry tart, pork buns, taro stuffed sweet bun and dried pork buns as well.Their tea is awesome. The Hong Kong Milk tea is the best that I have ever tasted. Lastly make sure to have the egg tart. I live in NYC and I have never tasted a better egg tart. It is sooooo buttery and good!!! They take both US and Canadian Dollars.
I hate to do this and give it a bad rating, cause the place isn't bad, it just isn't for me.Like most chinese bakeries the food isn't sugary, which is sad...cause I like my sugar and butter...If you like your stuff more bread"y" than sweet, then you'll love it here. The place is good, if this is your kinda thing...just isn't mine it seems.
I can see this place as a get in and get out for a quick bite.  Sure there are the standard buns and sweet breads and the boba, but for us, we stumbled in there while on search to feed me, the birthday girl, some traditional Chinese breakfast grub yesterday morning.  The service is crap.  One of the girls seemed pissed off and the other didn't quite understand what we wanted...but being Chinese and having grown up with less than stellar service, I'm cool with it.  Service just isn't high on the list when it comes to casual Chinese restaurants.  Didn't matter.  They had a decent menu and a few porridge selections which I was more than happy to indulge in.  Western breakfast options available for the hubby which meant it was a safe bet where we can both have something to eat that matches our palate.  I ordered the pork and salted egg option with the Sao bing yiu tiao and he got the bacon eggs and toast.  I snuck away to the bakery side and picked out a cranberry muffin and what looked like three sugar sprinkled donuts on a stick.  Kind of like a donut kebab!  Brought it ack to the table, ordered a traditional boba tea for the hubby and indulged.  His meal was simple.  Egg whites, one piece of toast buttered up and bacon.  My choices were great.  He loves his boba and I love my chili oil with my breakfast.Couldn't be any different, but both were happy as we watched the news on the tv up on the wall.  I think this place is great to duck in from the cold, order up some traditional speedy Chinese fare, have a cup of tea, eat a pastry or two and head out on your way.  Nothing fancy, cheery interior, decent food...Four stars.
The pork buns and egg tarts were so good! I brought a box home to RI and my family loved them. So they were still good 6 hours later.
How to get food here:1. Get a tray2. Put what you like/looks good on your tray,3. Go to the cash register and paySimple. I like it because you can get a small snack or a buy a full out meal. They had good variety on the three different evenings we went to pickup some food despite being busy each evening. The only thing they could do to improve would be to have somewhere to sit down and eat there, however that would cut into their reasonable prices, so probably for the best.
We were wondering about Chinatown when I had a craving for a cocktail bun. I saw the great reviews on yelp and made a B-line for this place. The place is PACKED and rightly so. You get to pick a tray and put all the tasty treats you'd like on it and they pack it up and send you on your way for a pretty reasonable price (~$1.00 a bun). They are also busily stocking the shelves as you shop ensuring a great selection and super fresh product. I grabbed a cocktail bun and a hot dog bun as I was in a bit of rush. The cocktail bun was still warm and filled with lots of coconutty goodness. THe Hot dog bun was also warm and satisfying. Can't wait to go back and try a wider selection.
One of the things I enjoy the most in Chinatowns (which is so disappointingly lacking in my own) is walking into bakeries and marveling at all the yummy pastries, cakes, and savory buns.  No matter how full I am, I always buy at least two, eating one immediately (since I can't resist the temptation) and saving one for later.  After two days of intense competition with 200 other dragon boat teams, this shop was a sight for sore eyes!  As actual candy stores do nothing for me, I imagine people's excitement for candy stores rival mine for Cantonese bakeries.  After much indecision, I settled on a Chinese BBQ pork bun (char siu bao), a custard-filled pineapple bun (bo lo bao), and two egg custard tarts (dan tak--a favorite since childhood).  I generally judge Cantonese bakeries by their egg custard tarts and the ones here are among top eight I've had in North America.  Before running out of the store to catch my teammates, I took a moment to admire the array of exquisite and delicious Asian cakes on display (see photos!).  My only disappointment was I couldn't buy one and take it home!The next day while we were driving back in the car, I remembered I still had a bun in my bag.  Though it was not warm, the pineapple custard bun kept its texture and tasted fresh and yummy and made a nice lunch.  As we drove home across the border, I happily savored a little piece of home, and of Montreal.
The dan tat (egg tarts) are sitting on a hot dish so it's creamy, hot with a crispy, buttery pastry shell.  So divine.  Their almond croissant is surprisingly fresh, tasty but not too sweet.  Black sesame bun, curry beef bun and sausage buns were all delicious.
Mmm. Two words.  Egg Tarts.  Delicious! Flakey, buttery, soft pastry.  Way better than what I've had in NYC. And cheap! 2 for $1!  Also got some bubble tea.  It was a bit sweet, but still good. It's on par with NYC bubble tea, I'd say.
Delicious! As authentic as you can get to a HK pastry place away from HK. Found this place randomly on yelp during my trip with my bf to Montreal. The prices were reasonable and fresh. Their eggtarts were freshly made and I enjoyed their not-so-sugary HK milktea with boba. I bought probably 5-10 different types of pastry, ranging from my favorite hot dog bun to "but jah go - jelly in a cup" to green tea cookies for souvenirs to curry beef buns, all were outstanding. If you wait till 1130, the next door HK cafe is open too and you can grab some real food there. Overall, we were in Montreal for three days and we tried to come back every day! We even snuck a box of eggtarts back to DC to eat and it was well worth it!
EGG TARTS, EGG TARTS, EGG TARTTTTS! This place makes one of the best egg tarts I have ever ate in my life! Being asian and all, believe me.. I've had many in my life.  BUT, mannnnn OHHHHHHH MANNNNNN... can they make one flaky, scrumptious egg tart, not to mention.. when you eat it while it's hot, it's just so heavenly! I strongly recommend this venue for their egg tarts, they sell out fast, but they are always quick on restocking the tray. Although, it's pretty expensive for egg tarts ( 2 for $1), it's well worth it; not to forget, it's bigger then most places! Aside from their egg tarts, I didn't have the opportunity to try anything else, but I am for sure a official fan of their egg tarts !
Montreal has the best egg tarts! flaky crust, perfectly baked egg custard, not too sweet.  This comment is coming from a person that is from Vancouver, British Columbia,  a city not too far from Richmond where they are known to have the best Chinese food in BC outside of China.
5 stars for their egg custard filled mochi pancake shaped "buns" (they also come filled with bean paste). They're $1, warm, and delicious, and had us making special stops just to buy them.Minus one star only because the place was so small and I wished they had a few tables to sit at inside and enjoy my bun. In the winter, munching away outside is a cold endeavor.
I don't know how to spell it, just say it" Guy May Bow" - best pastry I have ever had. Coconut, sugar, butter - all wrapped in a soft warm baked shell.
I was getting coconut bubble teas here without the bubbles so the price was good for the very high quality I was served. Excellent desserts me and my gf would walk down here after meals on our vacation
Very inexpensive. Stop by here if you want a quick meal on the go  like a pork bun or something. This bakery was I believe the first one to open in Chinatown on that particular street. Now there's bakeries left and right opened. Anyway I like their Hong Kong milk tea, always order that or the egg tarts! The egg tarts are cheaper in Chinatown than they are in the Guy one actually for some reason, well last time I checked. I haven't tried their cakes, but their pastries are ok. Some are too sweet I find. I'm not that into Asian pastries unless it's green tea/durian...so i'm a bit biased. But worth checking out for cheap snacks/cakes.
This small bakery in Chinatown has been a hit with my friends and I since it's opening several years ago.  It's brightly coloured décor, delish looking pastries, and easy to read sign invites roaming visitors inside to relish in a host of delights.  The first thing I noticed upon entering was that all the foods were clearly labeled with both their Chinese and English names, as well as a clearly displayed price.  This is a nice change from most of the other Asian bakeries that I've visited in Montreal, where I never quite know what I'm getting.  My favorites include the Japanese cheese bun, barbeque pork bun, curry beef bun, red bean mochi, red bean pancakes, coconut cream bun, cheesecake and the egg custards.  The red bean mochi is a wonderful balance of chewy sweetness, perfectly suited for an after-dinner snack.  The egg custards are a lush, creamy, and melt-in-your-mouth treat; I've not found better in Montreal.   The savory buns consist of slightly sweet dough enveloping a generous portion of meat.   They are filling and at the high price of $1.25 apiece, make a great lunch for those on a tight budget.  My current top pick is the Japanese cheese bun.  Sweet dough, similar to that used for the custard buns is wrapped around a filling reminiscent of ricotta cheesecake.   The filling is thick and velvety but not overly sweet, perfectly complementing it's packaging; this combination is a delightful treat at any time of the day.  Overall, Patisserie Harmonie is a rare gem in a city lacking superior Asian cuisine.   The pastries are fresh, cheap, and most importantly, delicious.  I would certainly recommend it to anyone looking for a well-priced lunch, afternoon snack, or late-night craving.
Cheap, decent food, well presented and clean.  Can't complain!  Great for a snack if you want to try something different (assuming that you're like me and don't have Chinese pastries as an every-day food).
So many yummy things to admire and eat, so little time!  If I had run into this place earlier in my trip, I would have come back every day.The dough they use for their buns is the most delicious that I've ever had.  And, the black sesame mochi and the green tea sponge cake were delightful.  I also had a honeydew milk bubble tea that was to die for.  For the things I didn't eat, I wish I could have.  All the cakes, pastries, and buns are so beautifully made that it makes you automatically think, "Eat that".  If they had a cyanide mochi, I would probably try it.Definitely stop at Harmonie when you are in Montreal.  You will not be sorry!
Not a huge selection, i didn't get the egg tarts though.
Very nice and clean. Small bakery.  Warm buns. Enough variety. Slightly expensive (compared to CA). Overall, I'm glad I've stopped by. I haven't had these for sooo long.
I really like the green tea mochi!  So delicate and fresh!! sweet buns were soft and delicious too!  Plus s'il vous plaît ?
Burned out from projects I said potato? Then screamed POTATOEEES .From that moment we rushed to Allo Mon Coco 30 mins before they close. Dat late afternoon breakfast. My friend ordered an omelette I ordered eggs, bacon, ham, sausage (got my protein game here) Crepes, toast It came with fruitsAnd the majestic potatoes. I needed my daily fruit game, do I asked extra fruits Coffee is extra +1$ I believe (not aware :'( ) The plate came. Oh lala Beautiful. Drizzle the syrup everywhere Each potatoes bite tastes like little pieces of heaven. I love melons. And they had all kinds of them . Makes me happy. We couldn't finish it haha Big food coma for the next hours haha Definitely coming back for the potatoes. If I could get just eggs, meat, potatoes and those slice of melons, I'd be supper happy haha
Great fresh breakfast, large portions, attentive and quick service!Can't ask for much more in a breakfast place!!
I'll try to make this to the point. This happened last Saturday, January 23rd.Hubby & I line up, we're waiting in the cold vestibule between the outside door and the restaurant doors. Line doesn't move for 20 minutes, yet we see several people leave (meaning tables free up) during that time. We're still waiting. I go into the restaurant and tell a staff member that clients have been leaving, yet the waiting line is not moving. A group of 4 comes in behind us (remember this for later). I asked her if people were being seated. She told me they were cleaning the tables. Ok, fine. I go back into the cold vestibule. As time passes they slowly, and I mean slowly, start seating the people lined up in front of us. We make it into the actual restaurant. Ahh, it's so much warmer now, but hubby & I are still waiting. A table for 4 becomes available real close to us, but I watched the guy and he spent, it must have been, 5 minutes prepping & resetting the table. If that's how long it takes to reset ONE table during peak business hours.... Finally once the table was ready, the hostess went behind us and seated the group of 4 who arrived after my husband & I. At this point, my husband totally snapped and we left famished, after waiting uncomfortably for 30 minutes, watching the turtle slow workers, then being skipped in line. WE WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE AGAIN. THEY HAVE NO CLUE ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE.
Overall the food is good and the prices are solid. Service is a whole other story. It might have just been an off day, but service was slow, sloppy, and just hampered the overall experience. Plus, finding avocado pits in my omelette wasn't fun.
Came in on a busy Saturday morning and although the hostess was extremely rude, the amazing food makes up for it.
Even though the price range is $$ the portions make it a great value-for-money option. Their moto is making the Sunday fanily brunch interesting and they stick to it, It's a very family and kids place. The place look like a typical American  diner or a Montreal version of Waffle House. The food is very commercial because it's a franchise, the quality is similar to Waffle House. They even charge extra $1 for coffee which is rare in Montreal breakfast places since the coffee is usually complimentary.I took crab cake egg benedicts and enjoyed it much. Wish the potatoes were more spicy (or if there was an option of asking for tabasco). What wins for me is the fruit bowl (and I am not a fruit person), we ordered English cream to go with and it was fantastic!The huge downturn was the staff; they have very poor service. The waitline was super slow and not well-attended. I had to ask for glasses of water and for coffee and for every other service because they weren't attending to our table.Definitely prefer Chez Cora to this.
Omelette was good. Fruit was mainly fine considering most if not all of the fruit is not in season. The service was absolutely terrible. Our waitress came to check on us once during the meal. We had to wait about half an hour for our bill once we were done. It's like she disappeared entirely. Not at all impressed considering the place is staffed quite highly.
We haven't been inform that we should pay for coffee, and their coffee didn't even taste good. Apparently somewhere in the bottom of the menu they mentioned that coffee is 1$. The problem was not one dollar coffee , the real problem was the manager's strange attitude for an incredibly low quality coffee and it's bad taste that we should even pay separatly.So much mash potato, lots of tasteless fruit.It was like they have so many customers, they just don't care anymore.
Huge portions, reasonable pricing, delicious food. Bright and sunny inside, great for breakfast.
I had a delicious breakfast here. While other restaurants in the area are quite pricey, this definitely worked for me. Good food and good service!
Extremely satisfied with the breakfast. Had visited twice , enjoyed the ambience and food. I will keep continuing coming here  . Would recommend to everyone .
The best brunch potatoes EVER. Seriously, never had better brunch potatoes anywhere in Montreal. OK their food is good, but I go solely for the potatoes cuz its just that good (its also one of their major points of uniqueness from other brunch places). I also bring someone along just so I can steal their potatoes (shhh don't tell em that). Portions are very generous and well priced. They also have amazing fruit waffles and crêpes. I used to go here probably once a week...trying to cut down on my addiction XDPS if you don't like mashed potatoes or mashed potato-esque food then you probably won't enjoy it as much as I do
The best breakfast! Cora's isn't even comparable to this place! The English cream is to die for... It is delicious with fruit, pancakes or a danish.Their breakfast potatoes are unlike any I have experienced anywhere else. They are almost like a breakfast rough-mash. Their sausage is also quite good.Their portion sizes are very generous, I rarely finish all my food.Although this location seems to be very busy, if you get there before 10:30am it is not a long wait. I have had a couple minor mishaps at this location in the past, but all can be forgiven because the staff is attentive and the food is delicious.
The place had a friendly environment. The service was great and every single dish on the menu is satisfaction guaranteed. The food is well made and the presentation is nice.
Not a fan of the potatoes, they are way too mashed and seasoned with some powder mix of sorts. The pancakes (usually a massive portion) and eggs are alright, while other additions like breakfast sausages and bacon are average. It's a shame that this location isn't up to par with all the 'allo! mon coco' hype, I was looking forward to its opening since it's in my area and I thought it'd maybe be better than Eggspectations or Universel... but, nope.
I don't know why all the negative reviews, but I ate here twice while visiting a friend just up the street. The first time I had an omelet with smoked sausage, onion and cheese. It was delicious. Now, let me tell you, I am used to paying $6 for an omelet, toast and potatoes so I was a little concerned about the $14 price tag for breakfast, however when my plate arrived I was happy to see that its a LOT of food, and it was really good. My next breakfast here was huge. I am huge too so I giggled a little when I almost (keyword: almost) couldn't finish my plate. I got some sort of special which came with a banana pancake and it was really very delicious. Even at $15! (As I said, these kinds of specials and foods cost about half where I live). Everyone hates on their potatoes, but I actually really liked them. They are different and unique from other breakfast places and are spiced nicely. The problem with many breakfast places is that they don't spice their potatoes at all and AMC seems to do a great job with it. Just beware, the portions are HUGE and this is coming from a huge guy.
Came in on a packed weekend brunch time.  They sit you quickly if you're less than 4 people, but they seem understaffed. If you want service after the food arrives, make sure to flag the waiter/waitress down! Either than that, food is good and portions are enormous. Coffee has unlimited refills!
I had to re-write this review with more detail after realizing how many 1-2 star reviews there are here--whaaaaat? This is among my favorite breakfasts in Montreal. You get an incredible amount of food, so come hungry or be sure to have room in your fridge for leftover potatoes. The freshly squeezed OJ goes for about $5, but my god is it worth it. You get a large glass and it's so bright and refreshing. It's a huge pain to make at home, so it's always a treat to have. The coffee is pretty standard, and every so often I'll instead get a tasty espresso-based drink. All the food is delicious, although the fruit is better when it's in-season (no surprise there). My favorite is the French toast. I went with a picky friend who ordered nothing but French toast, and they served it with the most glorious mountain of whipped cream.And those potatoes! Fluffy, flavorful, hot. I've taken them home before, and they reheat very well in the oven, with some crumbled leftover bacon. You also get plenty of toast with nearly every order, and they have a lovely selection of jams and spreads (marmalade being my favorite).I try to avoid the busiest hours, because even when I go during the week in the late morning, they're very full. That said, I've always had excellent service (Dave is the best!!)--friendly, attentive, and quick. Sometimes you have to flag your server for the bill when it's packed, but I've never had a problem with that.
I was excited to have a breakfast place open up so close to my apartment because on a lazy weekend morning I wouldn't have to venture far for brunch.  I have to say though that allo! mon coco isn't all it's cracked up to be.  They have lineups but they deal with them quickly.  It's just everything else after that left a lot to be desired.Portions are gigantic and in my opinion they're too big.  I can usually finish what I order in a brunch place but here I just can't.  I'm also not a fan of their potatoes.  The seasoning is overpowering and they're too mushy for breakfast potatoes.   The pancakes are fluffy though and I did like those quite a bit.  Everything else (eggs and breakfast meats) were on par for an average brunch place.Service wasn't great either.  We ordered coffee as soon as we sat down but they didn't bring us cutlery with it so we had no spoons to stir in milk and sugar.  We had to flag our waitress down for basics like water and they were quite slow to bring us the bill.Honestly even though the restaurant is so close to my apartment I'm not sure if I'd come back here anytime soon.  I was left quite underwhelmed by the whole experience and if I just walk a little farther to the Atwater market area I know I'll find cheaper and better brunch places.
I'm torn.The service (Hao) was great! He was nice, quick, informative (like assisting in trying to find my gluten-intolerant friend a dish so that ordering a bunch of individual parts wouldn't cost her double the price) but still a salesman (offered the potatoes to be gratin for mine). He was quick with our check and polite the whole way through.The food however left me torn. The potatoes were delicious and the serving of fruits was larger than normal (and included 9 different fruits!). Sadly, my eggs Benedict was overcooked, one hard boiled and one half cooked, which really kills the beauty of an eggs Benedict. The thing that finalized the sour taste was our bills. I don't mind paying $14+tax/tip for breakfast, but when you tack on an extra $1.00 for coffee/tea you go down a peg or two in my books. Minus one star for not being able to cook your namesake, and another for charging on something that I've never had to pay for with breakfast.
We were eager to try this new place as it's just strewn the street from us. I'm sad to say it's the worst food I've had at a breakfast place in town.First I ordered a decaf coffee, everyone else had regular coffee that was obviously piping hot. My decaf (of which no refills were offered until we'd asked for the bill) was tepid, luke warm at best.Off the menu I ordered two eggs with roast potatoes and a pancakes. The menu inidciated that the meal came with toast and fruit, and I'm sad to say the toast was the best part of the meal.The "roast" potatoes were actually an  incredibly over seasoned mash full of dill, onions, and what tasted like vegetable stock; with the warning that they *may* contain bacon fat.When I pointed this out to the server she just sort of shrugged, offered no concessions or compensation, and left. The scrambled eggs were completely unseasoned and a bit rubbery, but tolerable.The pancake (which came with no syrup til I asked another server) was essentially like eating a dense, flat, vanilla cake.I can't stress enough how terrible the potatoes and pancakes were, especially if you're expecting hash browns or actual roast potatoes (as the menu indicates in both English and French)On the way out I told the hostess about these issues and again, no compensation was offered. I doubt I'd ever go back here.
. The place is over-crowded, extremely noisy, the staff over-stressed and the food over fatty, greasy and over-priced. If a scene like this appeals to you go for it. I'll be somewhere else for brunch.
I went here with big group of friends for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. The line was out the door, and we had to wait quite a while, but it was understandable since we had more than 10 people in our group.So after about a 20 minute wait, we were finally seated. The service was pretty good. The waitress was really nice, and we didn't have to flag her down for water like at most restaurants in Montreal (at least the restaurants I went to). After looking over the the menu, I decided to order the "Lac Saint-Jean" which is "2 eggs, bacon, baked beans, cretons, blueberry pancake, potatoes, toast, and fruit". The portion sizes are HUGE. I could barely finish all my food. The blueberry pancake was about the size of my face, and it was nice and fluffy. The eggs were ordered over-easy and they were cooked to perfection. The bacon was nice and crispy, and the fruit was really good as well.Overall, this place is a solid brunch place that will have your tummy doing a happy dance. It's better than your average brunch place. The presentation of the food is cool, and they make sure you leave full and happy. So check this place out when you have a chance.
pretty nice decent food , can get a bit crowded during weekends but that's expected as its on a busy street, not ideal for the pennysaver as its fairly expensive but enormous portions(12eggs=1omlette) which in most cases ends up being leftover or wasted, service is alright, sometimes waiters are a bit rude especially during rush hour
Sooooooooooo disappointed. I was so exited about a new breakfast place opening in the neighborhood, and I was thoroughly let down. Points to note:-*Roast* potatoes (as listed on the menu) are not the same as overly salted and dill-filled lumpy mush potatoes (and I usually LOVE salt, dill and mush more than most).-Decaf coffee and regular coffee should be served at the same (hot) temperature.-Pancakes should not be glue-y messes.-Eggs shouldn't be rubbery.-Everything is an "extra" (coffee was not included etc...)-$20 is too much to pay for a good plate of eggs, much less a sh***y one.-Even if your server doesn't speak your language, they should be gracious about it. Especially in a Anglo-heavy neighborhood like the Concordia ghetto.- Restaurants should offer you something as compensation for mistakes or lousy food, not make excuses or justifications.-There was almost nothing on the menu my vegan friend could eat, in-buttered toast and fruit just about covered it. Even the potatoes said "may contain lard". I would give this no stars if I could, or even negative stars. NEVER going back again.Only positive: the fruit bowl was beautiful, expensive, and beautiful.
The place is full of fruit flies even in october. Service is crap. We asked to take our leftover to go, the waitress came to our table with a take out box and left. She obviously saw our table was already full, with 3 plates and 2 coffees on a small square table. We wanted to pay and had to wait 15 min AT the cash with 3 employee standing there and saying " just wait for your waitress".
I was with my friend, we spent $50 (tips included) on our brunch, which is a bit expensive!I ordered something with 2 pancakes, eggs, and fruits. The waitress asked me if i want honey for my pancake. I said i dont need but end up she gave me the honey and also charged me $3 for it!!Foods are good as what we expected!Good location! Just the opposite side of metro St. Mathieu!
Some harsh reviews so far! I came here this week and had an experience very similar to my experiences in laval's locations. I had my usual 2 eggs and sausage, which I understand is not the most complex dish, but still, it was exactly what I expected and got. And it was just fine. I actually like their potato mash. It has a signature taste and texture that I associate with this specific breakfast resto, and I look forward to having it each time. Minus one star because they charge for coffee. I get that it's downtown, but come on - it's coffee.
My go to breakfast stop. Great menu selection. My favourite hands down is the eggs Benedict! Not only do you get a side of thier amaaaaaaazinng potatoes (did I mention you can add cheese on them too?!) but you also get a very generous portion of fruit. I also enjoy their "pick 2 pick 3 etc" item option allowing you to really get what you want for breakfast.
The coffee was a little bitter, but the staff was friendly and fast! Hearty breakfast for a beautiful morning in Montreal.
Excellent brunch place! Beware that the quantity is a lot for one person so you could share! The only thing that they could improve is to tell how many eggs would be in the Omlett (six) it's expensive but worth it if you are eating good and can share or take it home.
That was a hearty breakfast to fulfill a hungry person.  The best of the omelette is with very fresh ingredients. Don't miss their Tuscan style.
The food was good. Like regular breakfast good but the service was ridiculously awful. Upon 3 min of receiving our food the table was covered by fruit flies flying over our food and it became a really stressful game to eat while trying to chase the flies. I asked our waitress to be moved and she pretty much told us it was the same situation in the whole restaurant without apologizing and asked if I wanted to see the manager. Yes. 10 minutes later I was told there was no manager. And seeing me trying to chase another fly she actually chuckled and walked away. The restaurant should not be opened and accept paying customers under these conditions. Never returning.
Food was okay, but service was the worst I've seen in a while. We came as a large group (7 ppl) for brunch. Some of my friends weren't familiar with how to order their eggs (the terms), so they asked the waitress. She said "oh boy!"... while rolling her eyes. What attitude! When we left, she was talking to another employee while pointing at us. Needless to say, she didn't get a tip.
Been there several time, didn't knew they open a breakfast restaurant in that location. The staff are amazing and very great service. The interior is beautiful with the colours makes you smile. The variety of breakfast and lunch are amazing. Good price and great ambiance.
I always get the same fruit cottage cheese with poachEd eggs and bagel.  It's hard to choose another plate when they always make my fav order so well. I'm.never disappointed.  It's always packed but i guess cuz it's just that good the food.
This is the downtown version of a popular breakfast franchise that started in Laval. The menu is largely consistent with what you would expect in a typical breakfast chain in Québec although they do add their own twist. The portion sizes are quite large, and they seem to use fairly high quality ingredients. In the dishes we ordered this was most evident in the quality of the fruits, the bacon and the side of beans. We also liked the crêpe with fruit and custard (crème anglaise). We did not try their specialty coffees, but the drip coffee they serve is quite decent. The location is bright, spacious and generally quite pleasant and the staff were courteous and efficient. Overall this is this is a very good option if you are in the area and looking for a Montreal breakfast chain experience. They do have a lunch menu as well but we have not tried it.
The restaurant is good and the menu has many choices to choose from and plus, it's near where I live. The service is good and this place can be pretty popular on the weekends. I also like the coffee here. It's not bad like the coffee at A&W nearby. The portions on each plate is pretty generous and the layout inside the building is nice. Plus the staff seems friendly and attentive.I like the omelettes here.
I work not too far from here, so I've been here before during my lunch break (1:00 PM - 2:00 PM), and am usually a little rushed, but if we sit down and order right away, we are usually able to get back to the office on time.Today was different.We got there around 1:10 PM - 1:15 PM, and had to wait over five minutes to be seated (even though there was an empty table within eye sight that was already cleared). We got sat and were brought water rather quickly, but even though we were in a rush, and ready to order right away, we weren't able to. There was a table right next to us that was about to pay, and for whatever reason the waitress decided to give them their bills before taking our order. She kept saying "I'll be right there" and so we waited for over 15 minutes. We even tried asking another waiter and he said he would get our waitress. Eventually, most of our party (7 people) gave up and left, but I stayed with another. The waitress apologized, put the blame on the other table, and claimed she tried to get another waiter to come take our order (not true). So eventually me and my colleague ordered our meal to go and left with Styrofoam. I can't speak for her, but my meal was terrible. The club sandwich was dry, the chicken was overcooked, the soup was cold (it was a very short walk back to office), and the cake was gross.I've had (relatively) pleasant experiences in the past, but after today, I never plan on going back, at least not when I "only" have an hour.
I went here with my mother last sunday just to check out the new brunch place and we were not disappointed. We ordered an omelette and their special: Crepe royale. Both were delicious and could have been eaten by 2 people instead of one. The omelette was huge and well made and we liked the potatoes that came with it. The crepe royale - well technically they were pancakes instead of crepes, but we didnt mind - was humongous! Topped with yummy ice cream, fresh strawberries and chocolate syrup.The server was very friendly and helpful and kept refilling our coffee.
Barely Benedict... I'll give it to them, the fruit bowl was pretty amazing, and even the coffee really hit the spot. But the breakfast potatoes were like a strange potato salad? Pretty disappointing, but the service was excellent.
It's your typical brunch chain restaurant .. Like eggspectations .. If you're prepared for that then you're good .. But if you're expecting more then you'll be disappointed ..
the service is sucks. the woman who has black hair and make up a lot. she was always eating gum when she served us.
The hot waitresses are a good enough reason to go there, let alone the awesome food.
After going back a second time I was not as impressed with the service. After noticing the menu said the potatoes may contain traces of bacon fat my friend asked the waitress what this meant. The waitress said the potatoes contained small bits of bacon fat. I told the waitress Ive had the potatoes and I am a vegetarian and the menu should state it does contain bacon. She looked confused and didn't seem to care. After that we noticed our waitress tended to her other customers cheerfully and hardly said two words to us. Definitely disappointed.
All around just ok but too expensive. Much better options at a better price to chose from in the area.
This food was good and the service was fine. Here are two simple improvements that would make it excellent.1. The music is horrendous--unless you are under 28 years old and have very bad taste. Why do so few places play decent music. Even soft rock or light jazz would be an improvement over the garbage they play.2. Too much food. I paid 22$ for Le Bucheron, an expresso allonge and a large tip, but I did not finish my plate. Granted it is called Le Bucheron, but the amount of food was obscene. Three pieces of roast pork, where one would have been plenty. A tremendous mound of potatoes (good and greasy) where half as much would have been fine. This came along with three eggs, creton, bacon and beans. It is a hazard for anyone to eat this much and much of the food from such a plate will end up in the trash. I don't mind the high price, but I do mind seeing socially irresponsible practices that harm the environment and make people obese. Basically, the place could be a little classier without losing any money.
Best pizza I've had in Montreal, and so affordable- only 7.99! The fresh pasta was incredible as well. Choose your pasta, choose your sauce, and it's ready in just a few minutes.
This is one of my go-to places for take-out in the Plateau and just one of my favourite establishments, period. The fresh pastas and sauces are delicious, and there's a great variety of hot prepared food and Italian grocery staples (such as deli meats, oils and vinegars, olives, salad, desserts, etc). They have everything you need to make a quick dinner for two or a large feast. Plus the prices are reasonable and the staff has always been extremely friendly and helpful. Can't recommend it enough!
Heavenly pasta that it perfect to get as a take out dinner so you can sit at home and enjoy food that you could only dream of making! Try their Ravioli it's perfection!
As an Italian, I eat way too much pasta. I was a bit skeptical trying out a place that makes "fresh pasta" since we do it fresh at home but this place is definitely worth your time and money. The pasta is very fresh, the sauces are quite tasty and the people working there are super helpful. I would suggest this place if you're having guests over and want to make something super quick and good!
Great place! I use it more as a take away. Go buy some fresh pasta and any of their sauces, then invite some friends over and lie to them and tell them you made it all;)
Came here for breakfast and absolutely adored the place. The staff were friendly, the store was clean and the atmosphere was very cozy. Had a lavendar hot chocolate and a croissant, and they were both delicious. The lavendar hot chocolate was a perfect mix of flavours and was quite unique, and the croissant was toasted to be very crisp and flaky. The placement on wooden trays was also very cute! No complaints here.
I am a fan of this place. Modern, big, airy and well-located on the busy St Catherine Street.I had the pleasure of hanging out here on a rainy afternoon, drinking a good Americano while the sky cleared in time for a Les FrancoFolies show right across the street. The food options are good too. The place has an upscale feel, but with reasonable prices.Great location for people-watching.
Very nice and upscale coffee shop/bakery in an area that desperately needs it.The coffees are pretty good..I've tried some of their lunch specials and they are really tasty.The sandwiches are in the $8-9 range.All are very unique and made on the spotFor $3 more, you can get a drink and a side salad (I take the ratatouille)Really encouraging to have businesses like these flourish here.
Wanted to get a small afternoon snack and try something new. This place blew my mind and was much better than what I expected.I ordered the homemade iced tea and a veggie sandwich. The ice tea was super cheap and so delicious. There were definitely lavender undertones in it. The sandwich was also amazing- the bread was super high quality as were the veggies inside. My boyfriend ordered a ham sandwich and a pain chocolate and was equally impressed.Definitely will be coming back here. It'd be awesome if there was air conditioning but maybe I was just there on an incredibly humid day.
This place was delicious, and the environment was clean and the atmosphere was friendly. I limit my review to only three stars because the prices are slightly extreme. I paid $9 for a salad that, while delicious, was very small. The produce was fresh, though.
Loved this place! Great sandwiches and pastries made on site for very reasonable prices. They also have great coffee and serve beer and wine. The only con is that they don't have high chairs. If you are with small children like we were it is a slight inconvenience but worth it.
We were looking for a spot to grab tea/ coffee and a quick snack while looking to kill time on a rainy afternoon. The cookie was delicious and the pastries were tasty. Nice big windows and the building is quite nice. Not very comfortable stools, but fashionable!
Yes, yes--I know Montreal is famous for its ubiquitous poutine, but I was just craving a salad on my visit!L'Express St Zotique was just what I craved: a thoughtful and diverse selection of salads, sandwiches and soups with homemade dressings in a clean and pleasant interior. As a nice bonus service was friendly in both English and French and prices are reasonable for Montreal. They appear to have a lovely selection of juices and iced teas as well.
It's been a long time since I've cared about sandwiches, but this place has got me seriously excited about them. So far, I've only had the salmon tartare one and the coriander beef one they make on Fridays, but both were spectacular: great combinations of great ingredients on lovely fresh bread. I haven't tried the soups or salads, and don't have much interest in the type of groceries they offer, but the sandwiches are really impressive so far.
"Tatar? oui, j'aime bien le poisson" once said by Gaston Therrien.. and I love tartare too. OK, he didn't really say that but it's definitely something he could say too while mixing hockey players with food.seriously though, L'Express St-Zotique went through a rebrand from being a convenience store to a full blown fresh juice bar and food restaurant. having passed by numerous times when in the neighborhood, I've never thought about stepping in until earlier today when an instagrammer posted what looked like one hell of a great looking and tasty sandwich. can you say sandwich porn?!? looking at the geo, turned out it wasn't far from me so I did the only sensible thing as my stomach was grumbling loudly, ran right over there. great idea to run over there as they were on the verge to closing down for the day (7pm) and weekend. they are closed on Sunday. didn't ran, just took the metro.. I was relieved to be their last customer :)looking quickly through their menu just for the heck of it as I already knew that I wanted the salmon tartare sandwich. went with the big size, on a baguette and mildly spicy (should have went with very spicy). anyway, service was fast enough. I even looked at the cook slicing up fresh avocado. can't ask for fresher.so that sandwich, it was one very good sandwich. tasty, fresh, creamy, peppery, slightly spicy. very good salmon tartare. could have use a bit more citrus but nonetheless, I was very satisfied. as for the baguette, that's where things weren't as good. simply too hard making difficult to chew or bite into it. something that fresh deserves better bread. next time, I'll get the pita instead or maybe the salad.besides sandwiches and salads, they have soups, coffee as well as fresh juice. they have chocolate and the likes too but I'd stay away from it as it was quite dusty..while I was eating on their terrace, the cook went out to give us, a couple of people on the terrace, some coconut cookies as like he said, they were closing down and had some leftovers. I must say that that cookie was soft, chewy, slightly sweet and full on coconut flavor. free obviously tastes good but it's one cookie I'd buy again and again.they have daily special on their sandwiches which you get a trio for the price of the 12 inch sandwich. the tartare is a Thursday special I believe. if you don't like fish, they have meat too. if you don't want meat, they have vegetarian options too.in summary, I'm very happy to have discovered such a hidden gem despite being right next to a bus stop and being big enough that you can't miss it but apparently, people don't go in. but you should definitely go in!
Amazing and VERY TASTY food, big portions, very good service, I really loved the place, it is NOT TO BE MISSED!
Short and detailed review    Excellent food  nice place  I love the food , restaurant has a European flavour .good place for breakfast and more .  Will definitely recommend to others .
Environment has a rustic look and very classy. I would say it has a French touch to it. Chocolate cacao was warm not hot. Chocolatine was nothing special. Only thing I actually enjoyed was the cheese cake. Service was HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE! Waitress did not serve us in English when clearly we were responding in English. The waitress and waiter did not follow up or acknowledge us with any notion of communication or KINDNESS! .... Overall, a fail for me.
Figaro burger was delicious. Beef patty was tender and juicy and the bun they served it on was the best part.  It looks like a regular burger bun but it tasted like a butter croissant -so soft and perfectly toasted. Boyfriend had the quiche with spinach and feta which was good. Outdoor seating is nice. There is plenty of shade. The flowers they have adorning the perimeters are so pretty. Service was good. Sangria was weak though, wouldn't order that again.
This place used to be one of my favourite. But let me explain why it gets two starts.+ Great ambiance, Parisian interior. From here on, all goes down the hill.- Horrible coffee. Even 3-star diners have better coffee than here.- We ordered two almond croissants and one regular croissant. Almond croissants were two fingers wide! (It looked more like a rolled crepe than a croissant) Seriously, if anybody reading this review would try baking croissants they will probably obtain a better shape than them. - The almond pate was not tasty at all. When you order an almond croissant you expect to taste it when you bite it. But it was more like a hide-and-seek with the pate.You can say, "oh, c'mon. It's just a croissant." Well, the place is called Croissanterie! They are so behind the game. I suggest them to try Regal Matinal, Hof Kelsten or Myriade - 2's croissants to learn how it should be.
The mimosa was nice. The croissant were good but sooooo smalllllll. The price was reasonable.The terrace outside is really nice.The staff was friendly and not slow. The owner or manager talked to us and he was really nice.I loved the taste but I wish it was a bit bigger
I was lucky to be taken here during a visit to Montreal. It's a quaint little bistro in Outremont, with a beautiful outdoor seating area. I hear the Croissants are to die for (hence the name), but I came here for dinner and had the Croque Monsieur and it was delicious! I also ordered a house salad, and only wish the server had told me that the croque comes WITH a salad so I didn't have to order the starter! For dessert, I had the Profiteroles....note: it's a big a$$ cream puff with ice cream and it's delicious!
Sometimes you want to be a braggadocio and take yourself out for a three course lunch of salad, flakey white fish in balsamic reduction and creme brûlée. This is the place. The cafe has brass and marble finishing and french classics playing in the background. I loved it but always felt hugely indulgent here. Or did I feel hugely sophisticated? I forget....What a divine cafe.
Croissanterie Figaro has been around for many years and I have been several times and figured they need a review. I love it here. I love the large outdoor terrace and the cozy booths and tables, and the general vibe of the place. The service is always fantastic. Their menu seems to be based on several repeating food items in different forms. Delicious ones though; fake crab, cheddar cheese, avocado, chicken, croissants... Everything is basic and simple, but pleasing. Salads, soups, quiches, croque-monsieurs, sandwiches. Never mind-blowing but always what you would expect.
This place is an old world labor of love. There's a feeling that everyone is taken care of-- the clientele, the staff, the sparrows on the terrace. I have travelled through many continents and I will always return-- the best cafe I have ever been to.
This place is picture post card cute. From the giant bowl of latte to the almond creme croissant breakfast was perfect. My bagel with cream cheese and smoked salmon was enough for two meals. The French know how to do breakfast, coffee and pastry. If you want a authentic taste of Montreal Figaro is your place.
This was a pretty awesome place for lunch. Orange Juice was fresh. Club and chix sandwiches perfectly done! Putting this place on the repeat list!!! :)
I went there with a friend. Bad service, she made a mistake on my bill (twice) and our water glasses were always empty. I give the 3 stars for the food itself. We had the croque-madame (with turkey) and the Quiche. The salad that went with it was delicious, with julienne-cut vegetables. The americanos were amazing, not too strong either. I would go back there to try the brunch or breakfast. In sum, this french-like bistro really portrays the ''service'' and food you would have only in the old continent.
Although this spot gets uneven reviews, I have to say I have never been disappointed. I am usually there for brunch or lunch; the food is always delicious and the coffee is very good. I've never had a bad experience with the wait staff but I agree that it can be slow. Sitting under an umbrella on a beautiful sunny day on a flower-lined terrasse - well, all I can say is, what's your hurry? Great location for people watching, a walk along Laurier or in a nearby park. Caution - pay attention to parking signs. Much of the area is permit parking only.
Croissanterie Figaro, seemingly one of the staples of the Montreal food-scene, that I had yet to try.I had the 'croque-madame' on croissant (of course) and a 100% hot chocolate.The dish was alright; served with a garden salad with a creamy dressing, the cheese and ham were layered generously onto the croissant. Seriously amazing though was THE CROISSANT. It is hands down the best one I have ever had, and I actually ended up eating all the top of my croque-madame (with the ham, the cheese and the bell peppers slices) by itself, to better savour the croissant. Next time, I'll skip the add-ons and go straight to the croissant (it is a croissanterie after all!).The hot chocolate (100% cacao it said on the menu) was lackluster; I'm pretty sure it's made with cacao powder and nothing else, so the watery consistency was off-putting; I like mine a bit thicker, almost like melted chocolate fondu!Also, the inside is really lovely - you do feel transported to another time. One thing though, I went on a cold winter day and insulation was not the best; my coat, against the wall during the brunch, was ice-temperature by the time I put it back on. Definitely will be back to try more of their croissant (I'm eyeing the rhum and chocolate one!) when in the neighbourhood. If you get them to go, the prices are even more of a steal than when you get them at the table (~2-3$, served with jam).
I do not know how this place gets good reviews. I ordered an "exotic salad" only to get a plate full of salad leaves of poor quality that were uncut that literally looked like the chef had slapped a few leaves on a plate. On top of those leaves were 3 cantaloupe slices and full slices of prosciutto ham all PILED ONE ON TOP OF THE OTHER. On the side of the salad, was a brie cheese slice. The dressing was some sort of ranch white gross liquid. I honestly did not know how to eat that salad. It looked absolutely unrefined. For a person who has dined in Paris, I think that this particular restaurant SHOULD NOT BE MARKETING THEMSELVES AS A FRENCH RESTAURANT. In addition, for a place that is called Crossanterie, you would think their croissants are at least good. NO, apparently, that too is too much to as for. The sizes of their croissants are small and are priced at $3 for something the size of your toes!Food quality is the worst I have ever seen. The presentation of the food is terrible. The pricing is exaggerated and unfair. The waitresses are snobby and unapproachable. The only nice thing about this place is the terrace, full of plants and nice-looking tables. But it is not worth it. You can find a restaurant with good food and a good terrace.If you have any human dignity, stay away from this place!
Finally made it to Figaro after running past it for over a year! I have to say, I was not disappointed by my experience here. We had the vegetable pizza, which had a phyllo crust, and it was delicious! We should not have shared the dish. The wait for food was a little lengthy and I was disappointed that their tea was "Twining's Tea" but all in all it was a pleasant experience.
We tried Olive first but it's closed for holiday! A long way from old port, but really worth it!We tried four different croissants, all fabulous! My favourite is cream almond one!The decor is amazing and our waitress was glad to speaking English( I had to say that I studied the menu for quite a long while, lol)
La Croissanterie Figaro has been a place I wanted to try for a while. Whenever I pass by, it always has a lively terrasse in summer and it's perfectly located on a side street, close to Av. du Parc.I have to say that my expectations for this restaurant were not let down! It has a great ambiance and service. The servers were quick and professional (even though one was still in training). The decor is quite like a charming old café and really must be experienced. The food, simply put, was terrific. Flavourful and well-balanced. The evening went off without a hitch.
Really great atmosphere and friendly staff. We were on a quest for the best chocolatine in Montreal and this was our first stop! This was tasty and served warm! However, it was a little smaller than others and nothing really stood out about it. It tied for 3rd in our final tally.(As a sidenote, if you don't speak French and what is brought to you doesn't look like what you expected, ask! Don't eat it assuming you are incorrect, as we did.)
I used to come to this restaurant a LOT when I attended Marianopolis College and McGill U, from 1978-1983. This was my go-to place for croissants and coffee back in the day, when it was called "La Croissanterie" (no "Figro" in the name). I was SO relieved to see that the place was still here, on the same corner, with the same kind of Parisienne vibe, and the same cute outdoor terasse. The interior has changed somewhat (I remember it being larger, and more open, but hey, we're going back over 30 years). The food is as wonderful as I remember! Brought my kids here today and we sat outside. The kids had croissants - one regular, one chocolate. They were both in heaven. One kid had a pot of tea and the other, hot chocolate. Again, both were very happy with their beverages. I ordered quiche Lorraine and man, it was good. Can't really get legit quiche in Seattle, and it was a real treat for me. My kids tried it and loved it. And I had my old Montreal standby: cafe au lait, in a bowl. Man, it's good to be back home! Don't want to leave....  (It's really good to have some things the same, as I remember them, as so much in the city has changed, and not all for the better....). Our waitress we had was lovely, and she was happy to speak in English to us.Note: the bathroom in the rear of the restaurant is beyond tiny. Cute, but if you need any room, for any reason, forget about it.
As a tourist from NY, never have I been to a crueler place on earth! This spot introduced me to the Madame Croque dish, and ever since, I have been ordering the very same dish in every brunch restaurant in NYC and not once have I tasted something nearly as amazing! Yet I keep stupidly ordering it over and over in hopes of finding its NY equivalent, but alas, none. This is definitely one of the most amazing brunches I've had in my life. Go! And please convince them to open a branch in NYC!
Great decor. My gf felt like she was back at home in Paris. It was nice to have warm utensils (something that is lacking at many fine dining establishments around Montreal). I did enjoy the croissant, but it is a far drive to get one daily.
i only had their cheesecake and its the best in the city. nothing comes even close to it.
Good place to have brunch. Can't remember the dish we ordered, but they were the first and the second on the menu. Good taste but a little too creamy for my taste
This restaurant would make a decent place for meeting up with friends, or if you just want to people watch.  However, the food didn't quite live up to my expectations.
I had a croissant sandwich with grilled chicken, avacado, brie and pesto. It looked like a small sandwich at first but it packs a punch! It was so rich and tasty I could hardly finish it. I'll never underestimate La Croissanterie again!I also got a couple nutella-filled croissants to go. They smell like a chocolatey buttery heaven.
Delicious on a summer evening or late fall sitting on the quiet side street patio with coffee, wine, crisp fresh homemade croissants... Or tucked into a window booth on a snowy noon eating croque monsieur with lovely melty cheese and gorgeous flakey croissant and fresh side salad... You can't deny the overall good buttery feeling at Croissanterie Figaro. Soft light, perfect corner across from the Ukrainian Federation, lovely cozy decor, inexpensive: a perfect moment for what it is.
Merci bien, dear Yelp app, for yet again leading me to an absolutely lovely place for breakfast.  La Croissanterie Figaro was one of the few locations open early the Sunday morning of my departure from Montréal.  With a few hours to spare before heading the airport, and having been locked inside for days at a conference, I was finally able to indulge my hobby of photography and took a nice long walk from downtown to Outremont, cataloging urban art and street life in pictures along the way.There were only a few other customers when I visited, and I took a nice little seat in the back near the window.  At only eight or so on a Sunday morning, Outremont had barely begun to stir, but otherwise this place would be perfect for people watching.  I did see several people out with their dogs, as well as some runners, and some running groups together, out in the drizzle of the gray late-November morning.  It was rather wonderful, really.The coffee here is spectacular, as is the orange juice.  YUM.  I had the Tofu californien sandwich (see picture) for breakfast and, while it was quite delicious, I was not a huge fan of the bread.  The salad it comes with can be substituted for assorted fruits during breakfast hours (although I stuck with the salad).I sincerely regret that I did not have a croissant here.  But I gain weight at the drop of a pin, so I really have to be careful about things like that.  I do feel that service was rather aloof and, although, I know better than to compare this type of bistro to its counterpart in the US, where the servers are likely to be at your elbow almost constantly, I was not able to get a refill of my water even once.  But, apart from that, it's quite nice to be left alone to my thoughts as I enjoy a tasty meal.  This is a delightful little spot, and I would visit again for sure.
We loved our first meal (dinner) here so much that we returned for breakfast two days later.  Both times, there was some akwardness with the language barrier, but we just smiled as much as possible and did our best to communicate.   Everything was fresh, tasty and beautifully plated.  There is indoor and outdoor seating....very European in it's decor.  Do yourself a favor and dine here during your stay in Montreal.
Local Flavor. Fabulous CroissantsBest chocolate croissants! Excellent quiche and carrot cake.  Menu is in French only. Highly recommend.  Real local color.
visiting Montreal and came here for brunch. Most amazing croissants ever. The soup du jour was perfect for a cold winter day and everything else was so fresh - including the freshly squeezed juice! classy, rustic and authentic atmosphere, fast service and great prices...except for those unavoidable taxes.  This is a must try croissant bistro in montreal.
I have dreamt of my return to Figaro ever since I tried their magical whole wheat croissant a few years ago...I finally had a chance to brunch there today, but the results were somewhat mixed.The (-)s-They seem understaffed - we waited 45 minutes to eat. Do not go their with a grumbling stomach!-They were out of the whole wheat croissant by noon on the Saturday, but our waitress only informed us of this an hour after we had put in our order - and after she tried to serve us plain croissant without asking us. I was devastated, until I actually tried their plain croissant.-The avocado salad was pretty average tasting.-The freshly squeezed grapefruit juice was served at a lukewarm temperature.The (+)s-The plain croissant was perfectly crispy without being too buttery or flaky.-The cappuccino was just right.-The large terrace is very pleasant and well shaded.
Love the location and the decor. It has this romantic feel to it. The service was very good as well as the food. I wish they had a English menu but other then that everything was good.
Horrible service. Took very very long for drinks or water to even show up. The club sandwich is bad also, who puts lettuce kn a sandwich and then heats it up. It was Slimey and really not appealing. The croissants were amazing tho as was the coffee.
Breakfast is my favourite meal. I should eat it more on a regular basis. If I lived next to La Croissanterie Figaro, it would be a daily habit.  On a weekend trip to Montreal, we were on the search for some good pastries and my friend did a fantastic job scoping this place out.A beautiful sunny Sunday morning meant brunch on the cafe patio, which sits on the corner of a quiet Montreal residential neighbouehood. Being here makes you feel like you're in Europe. Quiet and laid back.I ordered the brunch: freshly sqeezed orange juice, tea, fresh fruit, croissant and crepes with eggs, ham, maple syrup. The freshly baked croissant was buttery, crispy, flaky, filled with warm herbed ricotta cheese....MELTS in your mouth.   The crepe is done the way it should be, cooked through, a little crispy not doughy at all...rolled inside is ham and egg. A little dip of maple syrup makes everything that much tastier. All this for $10. So delicious. Beyond comfort and would completely make me a morning person if I lived next door.
Meal: Drinks and tasty treatsRationale: Looking for something to do after walking all the way up Saint-Laurent to Casa del Popolo for coffee, we set our sights on Figaro and were not disappointed. It gave us the opportunity to see a tiny bit of Outremont and provided safe harbor from a brief rainy spell.Food: We ordered a demi-pichet of a local beer (I forget the name) and a slice of carrot cake. Both good. Then another demi-pichet of some other local beer. Then a chocolate-filled croissant. They had many different kinds of chocolate croissant, so we asked which was the best. This one had homemade filling. I would happily eat that chocolate croissant over and over again until I make myself diabetic. Service/atmosphere: Figaro is on the corner of (what seem to be) two residential streets, and the outdoor seating allowed us to hang out for a couple hours and watch the native Montrealers go about their mid-Thursday routines in what I can only assume is a French-inspired tradition. Despite light rain, it was a pleasant atmosphere. I was a bit confused by all of the "reserved" tables, which, during our stay, nobody seemed to come to occupy. We were almost concerned we'd be turned away for not having a reservation until we rounded the corner and noticed some empty un-reserved tables. Our waitress was nice, and kindly offered her translations of the beer and tasty treat menus.Conclusion: Can I sit outside and have beer and cake and chocolate croissants every day, please? I wouldn't change a thing.
The atmosphere alone is worth the 5 star rating, add to it one of the most addictive chicken and avocado sandwiches served on the freshest baguette and you have perfection. La Croissanterie Figaro is one of those places that has created a perfect atmosphere all year round, the summer offers the most relaxed beautiful Terrasse which is always packed and in the winter the nice tight atmosphere inside makes you feel all comfy while enjoying a huge bowl of cafe au lait perfection.They also have a quiche that is fantastic and I'm sure everything else is really good too, I just can't seem to pull myself away from my two favorite meals.La Croissanterie Figaro is a must try and a place that won't disappoint
This quaint place is wonderful both in the summer (with its welcoming terrasse) and winter (with its cozy lighting and antique interior). I have always enjoyed their wine and cheese for a casual lunch-snack or their delectable breakfasts - Croque Monsieur being my favorite! Or even simply a cappuccino or bowl of cafe au lait. Now I know I've given you quite a few options, but that's just it, I have never been disappointed! It's a lovely neighborhood, great atmosphere, and has a variety of choices for a reasonable price!
I wish I would have had the chance to try something to eat here, but I only had the mokaccino and it was pretty good, not phenomenal.  The atmosphere of this place was fantastic.  We sat inside because our friend wanted my wife to see that the tables are from old sewing machines.  The whole place had an antique vibe.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because I don't feel as though I experienced everything there.  From what I experienced though, it was worth at least 4 stars.
Great and original place with varieties of choices when it comes to croissants.
What a gem!This lively corner cafe and croissant house in Outremont was my first pit stop for breakfast, after spending a long night on a bus traveling from Toronto to Montreal. I had met up with a friend, who was also visiting the city and staying nearby, had made breakfast in this beautiful place part of her morning ritual. Seeing the lovely terrace wrapping around the building, the Parisian decor, the red and yellow flowers surrounding the terrace, I easily understood why she loved this place so much. It has a very relaxed atmosphere: no one rushing you to eat quickly and pay up right away. Here, I felt we could take our time enjoying our coffees while basking in the sun and lazily watching the world pass us by. I also believe that since we were visiting during the week, we were able to get a spot on the terrace; I can imagine this place being slammed on weekends. For my first meal of the day, I opted for the Bonjour Croissant, which is basically an open-faced breakfast sandwich, with eggs, tomatoes and cheese on top of a butter croissant. The order comes with fresh fruit, coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice. Everything was delicious, leaving a permanent smile on my face as it was nice way to start to my day. As for the servers not being able to speak English well, all of the servers were able to communicate with ease, judging from my friend's experience who only spoke English to them. As for my experience, I'm able to speak French so I happily practiced my native tongue with them.I have to share with the same sentiment as Yelper Stas Z mentioned previously. If someone is working on the technology to transport one's self from one place to another, please do it soon. A morning without enjoying a coffee at La Croissanterie may not be worth living.
After getting lost walking around Mont Royal (we were trying to find how to get to Outremont from the Chalet) it was with GREAT elation that we got to la croissanterie figaro. It was recommended to us by multiple people, and we just couldn't pass up a good croissant!Got there and sat outside and kindly waited for our menus and orders and such. I believe that there were two croque monsieurs ordered, one "brunch" that came with coffee and lots of brunch items ($10 CAD!!) and I got a soup and a club figaro sandwich (which was a sandwich that had multiple different sliced meats and peppers and tomatoes).In the end, the food was very good.. not knock out of the park but they were extremely satisfying for a group of hungry tourists at 3pm who hadn't eaten lunch (the salad that came with was great! carrot and beet strings and it was very well seasoned/dressed). But the cozy neighborhood atmosphere, eclectically-antique looking interior and a bevy of of bees accosting our brightly colored and aesthetically pleasing food, it made for a great experience and a relaxing (once we moved inside) lunch.Oh, we never ended up getting croissants4.5 stars for good food and a cozy atmosphereRevisit? Yes please!
Amazing decor, delicious food, service was wonderful quick and friendly. Will go back often
This is a French-style bistro sitting on a quiet corner in Outremont, Quebec.The setting is pleasant.  We dined outside under an umbrella during a light drizzle, and found the surroundings charming.  (5 stars)Service was pretty good.  (4 stars)The food at lunch-time ranged from OK to wonderful.  (3.5 to 4.5 stars)As with much of the greater Montréal area, driving and parking in this area were a nightmare.La Croissanterie Figaro bills itself as "un petit coin perdu de Paris" ("a little lost corner of Paris"), and it largely lives up to this.
La Croissanterie is a little bit off the beaten path followed by visitors to Montreal but well worth a detour.I came on a Sunday afternoon.  My first course was a glass of house red and Quiche Lorraine.  The wine from Chile was a good choice and opened up with time and a bit of warmth.  The quiche was a bit perplexing.  The crust was like some kind of industrial pot pie crust.  The filling -- while very good -- did not have authentic ingredients or presentation.   A tad disappointing from a place that bills itself as a bit of Paris in Montreal.Desert was much better.  Cheesecake -- not your traditional French fare - was stand up and take notice good.  So good you slowed your bites to make it last and to enjoy the perfectly balanced flavors and sublime texture.All in all, the place is worth a visit and I will be back to try the famous croissants.
The most beautiful location in all of Montreal. I had a cappuccino and croissant and it was so lovely to snack and relax here. Can't wait to stop back in next time I visit Montreal and try a meal!
Yes, the Croissanterie does have a lovely, quiet terrace, and the interior atmosphere reminiscent of Vieux-Paris is unmatched anywhere in Montreal; the food is also quite good and prices reasonable. When I last visited, however, I found their terrace filled with extra umbrellas with beer ads emblazoned on them. I am picky about my surroundings, and this does not hold up to standards. I understand they wanted to add shade to their terrace, hence the supplemental umbrellas; but they did not need to go the cheap route and get the subsidized ones with ads on them. This smacks of classlessness and poor taste. The effect was to enclose the terrace so much that it wound up feeling almost like an interior room. Notches down on rating.It is often said that this place reminds people of Paris; perhaps, but the one thing that makes you aware that you are not in Paris is the amount of English spoken here; much more than in many other places in Montreal. It also has a very antique vibe; yes, like a café from the 1920s, but it also just as well might be the 1970's. The crowd matches that vibe, painfully unhip. The table next to us was comprised of Americans; a 65 year old dude that weighted 400 pounds and an ancient grandma with a walker. It is clear you are not alone in knowledge about this place. There is nothing modern or remotely hip about this place...and so you probably know what the coffee is like. Burnt. Probably would be quite good if it were 1975, but today, this does not stand up to the 49th Parallels of the world. Alas, I also got a stomache ache here once from a croissant with fromage. I still come back because it is an institution, and a pleasant one at that. One of the best features is that they are open past midnight...so if you want a late night snack and chill atmosphere, this is one special spot.
The croissants were too rich, though the prices were quite reasonable.  What really was even more unappealing though was the attitude the waiting staff had.  I bought my croissant and espresso and went out to the patio to enjoy the beautiful weather, only to have a waiter order me to leave in French.  I explained to him that I was not from around here and was perfectly willing to be served, but he cut me off and asked me to leave.  I walked off in disgust, but only after talking to the manager and the waiter himself, telling each that their attitude was unbecoming for a business with their apparent reputation.
A beautifully memorable interior atmosphere awaits at La Croissanterie Figaro, as I discovered this past weekend when we trouped over for brunch. The immediate vision upon entry is one of splendid light and airiness; sunlight streaming in through the many windows of the lustrous dining salon refracted off the mirrored walls and set all the polished brass agleam. Settling back into the far corner following the leggy fille of a hostess, we were awash in a sweet symphony of French and the tinkling of cutlery tines...I was already in love and hadn't even eaten a nibble. As suspected though, the food turned out to be on par with the quality of the ambiance. I thoroughly enjoyed my great coffee, freshly squeezed orange juice spangled with pulp (just the way I like it), and the excellent brunch options, of which I chose Le Special Bonjour, which was perfectly delicious and priced appropriately. I also couldn't help getting croissants to go, and I will simply echo others' praise here- flaky, buttery, authentic scrumptiousness. The gorgeous, inviting atmosphere and savours of Figaro will linger with me until I have the opportunity to go back!
Absolutely delicious!  Must try the chocolate croissant!  Perfect patio hotspot in a very quaint neighbourhood!Had their Super Bonjour (open faced croissant sandwich with ham, cheese, scrambled eggs, spinach and tomato slice) and their Brunch (ham,cheese and scram eggs in crepe served with a croissant quiche?) - both comes with fresh squeezed/pressed orange juice and either cafe au lait or coffee and for less than $10!
A great bristro at the edge of Outremont. The sandwich I had (charcutterie italienne et fromage) was excellent. The service was friendly and well informed. They were also most accomodating: I spilled the last few drops of my drink and ended up with a smile and a whole new drink.The setting is also worth mentioning.  There is a delightful sidewalk terrace and a mercifully air conditioned interiour. The latter has wonderful art deco touches.
Read this review while keeping in mind that I am biased by the fact that every time I go here it's a cold and very snowy night.  Perhaps this makes the pastries flakier and more satisfying or the hot chocolate more comforting.  I have had other pastries and hot chocolate under similar circumstances and none has met the high standard set by Figaro.I sought to find the best croissant in Montreal and went forth with my list of suggestions from a multitude of sources.  Unfortunately I went looking on New Year's Day so many of the places on my list were closed.  Dejected, frustrated and sans croissant fix we stopped in Caffe in Gamba where we chatted with someone who told us about Figaro.  It wasn't far which was lucky since we had worn ourselves out in our search so far.On my second trip I tried again to find a better croissant but discovered that none was to be found and La Croissanterie Figaro continues to reign supreme.Just for the record, my idea of the perfect croissant is one that is very buttery with crispy distinct layers with a softer inside but not too cakey or rubbery.  There should be dark golden flakes on your plate after eating it.Their hot chocolate was also divine.  We liked that it isn't sweetened so you can add as much as you want or none at all. It was delicious without any sugar added.
I loved La Croissanterie Figaro.  It's a perfect setting for lunch after the hike up Mont Royale.  Great cafe au lait, sandwiches.  The atmosphere is art-nouveau cafe.  Highly recommend for a relaxing break while walking around the city.  The only thing that would have made our experience better was a clear day.  I can imagine that lunch outside on the patio would be idyllic.
Cozy little neighborhood cafe with a lot of charm. Was only in town for the weekend but came back twice! The cappuccinos and croissants are amazing... The creme brûlée is an experience in itself.
Overrated, slow service
La Croissanterie  "Un petit coin perdu de Paris"  (Little corner of Paris) The cafe is located on the corner of Hutchinson and Fairmount. I adore this 1920's cafe. If there's a place that I'll bring my chums. This will be the place. During the summer time, you can eat outside the terrace. And be surrounded by beautiful flowers. Besides croissants, they have salads, sandwiches, cheeses, patisseries, juices, great coffee and lots more.  They even cater to vegetarians. Everything is delicious! Tres bonne. Ooohh la la... love their Cafe au lait. If you can't be in Paris, come to La Croissanterie. Relaxing ambianceand friendly people.  I can just come here everyday and enjoy Edith Piaf music.
My first review on Yelp!  I visit Montreal quite often for work and always take the $20 cab ride to Figaro for my all time favorite breakfast, the Special Bonjour!  A croissant with the top cut off, ham, scrambled egg, tomato and cheese all baked in their amazzzzing old school oven.  Comes with OJ and a latte, I order say what the heck and just order two!  No words describe how good this is!
Gorgeous café that will make you think you're in Europe!  Sadly I haven't eaten much more than a croissant and café au lait (in a bol, bien sûr!) but it's the perfect setting.  The patio is also a great place to sip your coffee and read on a summer's day.
As others say, this is a good place for brunch.  You can't have your omelet in 10 different ways, but you can get some good pastries -- my favorite, the almond croissant -- and hot cocoa, coffee and good oj.  The quiche is good, the sandwiches are fine, but I usually get the "special bonjour", which has a croissant filled with egg, ham and cheese, served with fruit on the side.  It is decent.I think I love the place because of the cozy atmosphere inside -- most like a french bistro than a typical brunch place.  And their patio in the summer is excellent.  A must try, and if you are in the neighborhood, definitely grab a croissant at the bar.
We stumbled on this place by accident one day and boy, are we glad we found it! The atmosphere is charming, service is good (a novelty in Montreal), and we were delighted with the fresh croissants, salads, and sandwiches. A great place.
Went here for a late night dinner. I loved this place, candles on the tables, 1920's/30's feel. Romantic.  We sat outside on the terrace. Had the croque monsieur which was lovely.  Will be back again.
My biggest regret is that I didn't order a croissant. I have no idea why I didn't. Instead, I got a very good, but not spectacular sandwich (La Gondole, I think?) on a baguette, along with a delicious side salad. Great atmosphere, croissants that looked wonderful, somewhat slow service.
The food was delicious, the coffee hit the spot, and the staff could not have been friendlier.  Our group ordered a few lunch combos - Le Midi Figaro - with lentil soup and pasta in a tomato cream sauce with asparagus.  Another person ordered the roast beef and another one ordered a cheese sandwich on a croissant - all recommended.  The best part for me was the chocolate croissant - it was flaky, buttery, chocolaty goodness.  Probably the best one I have ever had!  The staff was very accommodating of our 11-month-old, bringing a high chair and checking on her throughout the meal.  I would definitely recommend La Croissanterie Figaro!
A must try for breakfast in montreal.  The food is soo tasty, make sure your grab a couple butter croissants on your way out(they melt in your mouth).  The atmosphere is as good as it gets, you feel like your in a parisian cafe. The eggs are cooked to perfection.
Best croissants I've ever had (including those in France...)!  The raisin danish is amazing too.
Fresh-squeezed orange juice, great coffee, amazing croissants and other brunch goodies, nice wait staff, authentic French ambiance and stylish retro interior - this place tops my brunch favorites. If I had a turbo helicopter-car hybrid or mastery of teleportation I would eat there once a week at least.
This is the Place for Brunchs in Montreal, bar none!
We stopped here for lunch before leaving Montreal and heading back to the States. It's a Parisian-style cafe with simple food, very friendly staff and excellent croissants. We had the quiche provencal, croque monsieur and chocolate mousse cake for lunch and got three croissants to go. (FYI, we had to order the croissants separately from the counter.) You can't really go wrong with their croissants, but our favorites were the almond and chocolate. Mmm!
Went here for brunch while out of town.  I had the breakfast sandwich which is served on a croissant.  It was excellent.  Great croissants for take out too!  We took some home for our family in Toronto!
We had brunch here recently. I'd say 4.5 stars for both food and service. A little out of the way from montreal - you need a car to get here. I'd definitely come here on my next visit to montreal.
After dinner on the Main, we figured we should try some desserts here. People waited in line even in the rain to get in. Fortunately, we didn't have to wait more than a few minutes to be seated.My wife enjoyed her café au lait and I opted for the Pot au Chocolat. Very rich and delicious - I recommend.The place can be quite busy, but the waitstaff is friendly and accommodating. Our waitress patiently waited for these two Americans to bumble through our order in French, even complimenting our efforts and encouraging us to continue practicing. Awww... merci beaucoup.Definitely drop in here if you're on the Main!
Beautiful quaint café. Very bright and clean looking.I enjoy desserts, but I think everything was too sweet and too rich for my liking. I wouldn't order the hot chocolate again (unless they can do it without sugar), but I would try the coffee or latte.
Cute chocolate-themed cafe. I was looking forward to coming here on my trip to Montreal but I didn't leave very impressed. I got their chocolate trio bowl and Juliette & chocolat plate for fondue and it was just alright. It came with bananas, strawberries, marshmallows, waffle pieces and brownie bits. The waffle pieces were way overdone and not very edible.. The brownies didn't go well with the fondue because it was just way too sweet but everything else was fine. I also got the grandma's style hot chocolate in semisweet dark chocolate and it was really rich and foamy but after a couple sips it was just undrinkable- it tasted essentially like melted chocolate and it was way too thick. I do have a sweet tooth but this was too indulgent for me.
Incredibly decadent, sumptuous chocolate desserts. I was actually really impressed because I was kind of expecting a tourist trap. I enjoyed it, especially the classic nut brownie.
I love coming here (and the other location on Laurier is just as good)! the food is always amazing! rain or shine - chocolate would make you feel better! If I'm hungry I like getting some savory dish to start and then move on to dessert. Sometimes soup. Other times, a buckwheat crepe filled with goodness. My favourite dessert is the balsamico brownie, but it's a really tough call, since I love so many of the things on the menu! Treat yourself to some goodness...
The location is fancy. Display is like something from a movie. Overall the atmosphere is everything you look forward to for dessert. Tried the waffle but wasn't impressed at all. Although the ice cream was delicious, the waffle itself wasn't fresh at all. Definitely recommend getting a coffee from here.
What a cozy place to be during the cold winter days. Entering this fine dining chocolatrie & breakfeast place, I am greeted with a very sweet lady with vibrant red lips !! Loved her lipstick colour! I should have told it to her when I saw her. Her name tag said: "Marie laurence" and If ever you are reading this Marie Laurence, you were amazing! You made sure that the seating was to my liking and that I was able to be served a coffee before my guest arrived.Coffee & fruit salad: my coffee was brewed to perfection not too bitter and not to light. The fruit bowl was really pretty and had the fresh pieces of fruits in the bowl sprinkled with confetti sugar.So cute!At some point at the end of my encounter, It got a little smokey. The most amazing thing for them was how they admitted that they opened the oven a little too late and the entire restaurant smelled like smoke. The way they handled the situation was so professional. In our favour, since the customers are always right I believe ;) and pure luck, they were really quick to apologize and offer us some of their finest chocolate delights. They make their own homemade chocolate ganache. Really good.Overall, I was so happy with my experience at Juliette & chocolate! I honestly believed they were overrated before because I did remember coming to one of them on Laurier where the service wasn't as good as it was this time. Times have definitely changed and I will be back for another snack very soon!
Last time I visited Montreal, I only got to try their savoury crepe so I came back and got one of the most choclate-y things on their menu: their hot chocolate. Or more like, pure melted chocolate.I ordered the Maralumi 64% while my friend got the Ghana 40%. The Maralumi was less sweet and had a more earthy flavour compared to the Ghana. Both delicious. If you want to sit down from all the shopping on St. Laurent, this is a cute place to do so!I won't lie, the Christmas decorations drew me in, naturally.
Anyone who knows me at all, knows that I'm a true chocoholic. So upon the recommendation of a couple friends, I went straight to Juliette & Chocolat on my Montreal trip this past weekend, before I even checked into my hotel.We reached at around 10pm on a Friday, were seated immediately, and received our food 10 minutes after ordering, so service was efficient.  Mine: "Chocolate waffle" - Homemade Belgian waffle with ice cream, melted chocolate, and chocolate pearl balls. I was really disappointed that the waffle wasn't warm/fresh - isn't the point of a waffle being homemade at a dessert restaurant, that it will be freshly made? The ice cream, chocolate sauce and pearl balls were tasty. The pearl balls however were in a mini bowl that was very clearly chipped badly. His: "Medley Chocolat" - Vanilla ice cream with chocolate brownie. Extremely rich brownie, closer to the consistency of fudge than typical brownies - he enjoyed it. It also came with a bitter chocolate ganache that had a coffee-type aftertaste.Lemonade ice tea: decent, nothing special. Total was $26 after tax / before tip. If I visit Montreal again, I'll either give Cacao 70 a try or order something other than the waffle from J&C.
Delicious but they know it so the prices are way too high and the service is a bit iffy.   But,.... It's like Disneyland for chocolate lovers.  We were lured from across the street on a very cold night by a very cute storefront.  Once we peaked behind the red curtain we were enchanted and left with a much lighter wallet, warm fuzzies and a sugar buzz.  I'm not sure if go out of my way due to the cost and because Montreal has yummies everywhere but if wonder in again if I were around.
Heaven and a HALF for any lover of sweets. I don't think there is anything bad here. There is cute decor, excellent service, and so many good chocolates. I MUST come back soon. It's a great place for an afternoon hot chocolate, bring your date or your child, or your mama!
Great place to sit back and have a desert with friends. The staff is incredibly friendly and the menu will have something to please anyone. While their speciality is chocolate based deserts, they also have savoury crepes if you're looking for more of a meal than a desert.In my opinion, the best value is the crepes. The fondue is also a good choice for sharing.Give Juliette & Chocolat a try, it will likely become one of your favourites.
I had one of the Ecuadorian drinking chocolates, Arriba. I lived in Ecuador several years ago, so I'm partial to all things Ecuadorian, and my loyalty was rewarded. A perfectly balanced chocolate, just sweet enough, with a thick, smooth texture. My friend got one of the darker ones and enjoyed it as well. I can't remember if mine was Grandma's Style or Classic Style.My friend and I shared the namesake salad that included pears, goat cheese, and strawberries. I loved it; she thought it was just okay.I then had an Intense Brownie and LOVED it. Very rich. I also took home a few chocolates and enjoyed them a week later (I shipped them from Vermont to my home in Indiana so they wouldn't be damaged on my flight.) I got the Speculoos, the rum Coke, and another - the lemon tea, I believe. They were all delightful.The server was very pleasant and helpful, and the atmosphere was so cozy! I'll definitely return the next time I'm in Quebec.
I'm not entirely sure what I was expecting, but I guess I got it? It reminded me a lot of Max Brenner. I ordered the chocolate lava cake with milk chocolate sauce. I'm 99% sure I didn't eat it the right way (I think you're supposed to put the ice cream on top of the cake and then pour the sauce over it) but it was still tasty!It was a pretty noisy environment, didn't make for a romantic atmosphere as the name suggests. Price-wise was kind of pricey but not too ridiculous. The dessert was sweet (duh) but nothing too special. I wouldn't come here again but it was still nice.
Good dessert, but slow service. They had a real lack of servers when I went, and it must've been really hard on them since the dessert place was completely full of customers. The slow service may impact your dessert, as ice cream can melt, your hot chocolate can get cold, and etc. The desserts that I order whenever I go are always delicious, though, so even though they have slow service, I tend to visit regularly for my sugar fix. If you love chocolate, this is a must-try place in Montreal.
Saw this cool little place at the corner of my eye. Decided to try it out! Super delicious, they have different types of chocolate you can taste around the world. hey are pretty pricey, but it's worth it. Their banana split is loaded with melted chocolate at the bottom.Love the atmosphere, can see this to be a really neat date night. I'm not sure if i would come back here - because it's really pricey and the portions aren't all that big. But overall, the dessert is good and would love to come here
I got the mango hot chocolate and my date got the Mexico hot chocolate. Both were tasty and I liked that you could actually taste the difference between the two drinks. We also got the Balsamico Brownie which was divine. The brownie was rich and airy at the same time and went very well with the the balsamic vinegar reduction.Our waiter was very nice, but the service was a bit spotty (nothing too egregious though). I definitely want to come back and try their other offerings. They also have a bunch of merchandise for sale up front.
If you're a dessert and/or chocolate fanatic, this is the place for you!! The fondue was incredible, and there is such variety on the menu for any dessert lover. The quality of chocolate is awesome and the experience great all-round.
We always love stopping in here when we are in Montreal. They have a wide array of desert items centered on chocolate. I really like the fondu bowls although the last time I had it, the waffles were a bit burned. Staff is nice and will work with you if your French is not so great. One of the few places that does not automatically go straight to English when I attempt to order in French. They have a bit of everything.
I wanted to try Juliette and chocolat on my last trip to Montreal but we ran out of time. I visited Montreal a few weeks ago and made them our first stop. Parking was easy to find on the street but pricey. We knew we wanted to get white chocolate fondue and we were also considering a crepe. Even though I couldn't afford the calories we decided to also get the lemon meringue crepe since the waiter told us it's delicious. Our white chocolate fondue was not as good as I expected. The white chocolate did not have a ton of flavor. We ordered the dish that came with strawberries, bananas, waffles and brownies for dipping. The brownies were amazing but the waffles were terrible. First they were burnt so we had to send them back. They brought us a new set and they were extremely oily and tasted deep fried. I ate one and couldn't handle anymore. If you're going to get fondue I would suggest the fruit only. Our other order, the lemon meringue crepe was to die for! It was one of the best crepes I have ever eaten. What made it amazing was the lemon curd. I would go back for this dish alone. The service was alright but nothing out of the ordinary.
They microwave their brownies and they have no problem with it?!! The waitress said they didn't have ovens, in a DESSERT restaurant!! I didn't expect the stuff to be terrific or anything but I surely didn't see I would be so disappointed... Very impressed, in a bad way.迟早药丸。
Everything is delicious. Super chocolatey and just divine. We liked the crepes as well.
While the deserts were certainly tasty, I found the venue to be uninviting and loud, with out-of-control pricing on the dessert items. I recommend you try the sampler options providing a few bites of some of their most popular options, which also comes in at a fairly good value as well.
My family and I stopped here while wandering around Montreal. We got hot chocolates to share; one dark and one milk. Thick, full of flavor, and not overly sweet; these hot chocolates really hit the spot on a cold day! They were very rich and thick, so I highly recommend sharing because they are hard to finish on their own. I personally enjoyed the dark more than the milk. They also make an extra dark hot chocolate. They serve desserts as well, which looked amazing. We will have to come back for those!!
Seated almost immediately. Maybe a 5 min wait. Turn over was quick. The staff was great, friendly. A PLETHORA of crepe selection for whatever your craving is. Hot chocolate had multiple levels of intensity. We ordered 1 and it was enough for 2. I love that the marshmallows were served on the side so I can add in as needed. The crepes are huge as well! Split everything and it's perfect for you and 1 other. So many choices!! Great environment and vibe.
Juliette & Chocolat gets 5 stars from me without hesitation. The first visit with 3 of us and we each ordered something different so we could share. My second visit was alone and I sat by the window while it rained outside and it was truly like a dream come try.My sweet tooth has never met it's match until I indulged in the Caramel Explosion. I'm salivating now just thinking about it. We also had a chocolate crepe and a nutella crepe, both with bananas and strawberries. My solo trip included The Nutella Decadent and some hot chocolate. The prices are a bit high and they were incredibly busy our first trip, forcing us to wait for nearly 30 minutes before somebody even took our order. But we understand and were aware of what to expect. The service was fantastic regardless.
I come here often and thought I should give a second review on some new items I've tried. This time I ordered the hot chocolate with house made marshmallows and caramel fondant with ice cream. WOW - the caramel fondant has become my new favourite. Perfection in every bite - Sweet, but not sickening sweet. Portion size was just right. Pairing with ice cream is a very good idea. As for the hot chocolate - again, very thick and delicious. It's sweetness level is just right for my partner and I. I really liked those marshmallows too. Very soft and warm. My partner treated me, and he was telling me how good the price is for such good food (It just became his new favourite dessert place).
Very bad service. Took very long in a Sunday afternoon. Portions are small and chocolate is average. Cacao 70 on park is a much better option.
The crepes are not always freshly made which is a shame when you know how fast a crepe takes to cook! When i come to juliette et chocolat its for the hot chocolate, my favourite is the mangaro, 65% hot chocolate from Madagascar, it is thick, decadent and hit the spot every time!
My best friend and I came to Montreal for a long weekend with hopes of trying every kind of cuisine the city could offer. We stumbled across Juliette & Chocolat on our first night and made sure to return before leaving town.Upon entering, you are immediately smacked across the face with the rich, warm, welcoming smell of good chocolate. The shop is clean and well lit with defined areas for dining in, having a quick coffee, or purchasing items from the bakery case.On our first visit, my friend had the Juliette sampler, a plate with a bite of five different desserts. I ordered a Viennese coffee and the intense brownie. The coffee was delicious - hot and flavorful with an abundance of real whipped cream and a dark chocolate drizzle. The brownie... I can't even begin to describe the sinful richness. It was as if every taste bud had an orgasm.On our other visit, my friend had the sundae and was quite satisfied. I initially intended to have the intense brownie again, but then I noticed something even better: the intense brownie with vanilla ice cream and chocolate ganache. It. Was. HEAVENLY. The brownie was warm, so the ice cream was melting into it. The ganache was perfectly rich without being cloyingly sweet. I would have licked my plate clean if I wasn't in public.Overall, an extremely pleasant experience both times.
I was visiting Montreal 2 weekends ago, and I went to Juliette et Chocolate for an early evening snack. It's a cute place and the people working there were friendly. Service was a bit lacking though, as our server was always nowhere to be found, but there was usually someone else around to find our guy.  Now for the food: I got the strawberry crepe with chocolate and a scoop of hazelnut ice cream. It was pretty good, nothing too special. But this review isn't about the crepe - it's all about the BROWNIE.OMG the brownie. I'm not big on sweets and usually don't care much for brownies. But Juliette et Chocolat is known for their chocolate and their brownies, so I decided to split one with my friend after having my crepe, and I was so glad I did. We got the intense brownie and it was amazing. It was warm and moist and oh so delicious.  Next time I would come back to try their other brownies and a hot chocolate. I had to give 5 stars because the brownie was so good. I didn't take into account any other factors below:Taste: 5/5 Service: 2/5Atmosphere: 4/5Value for Money: 4/5Would i come again: Yes
Juliette and Chocolate is kind of like a fancier place compared with Cacao 70. The menu is still awesome but the décor is definitely different- prettier (girls might be fans here). The place is really clean and neatly decorated, a bright and friendly atmosphere. Good place for girl meet ups.Their crepes are big, but not thick and raw. It's thin yet big enough to cover your whole plate. Might have been a bit too thin actually. Tried the nutella, banana and strawberry; whole crepe was covered in strawberries and banana goodness. The presentation was pretty too.Their petit pot de fleurs are pretty cute; a nice treat for someone or just to enjoy for yourself. I wouldn't recommend enjoying at the restaurant though as there are many other 'fresh' things to order. The fleur de sel and chocolate ganache was very rich, so the portion they give is pretty good.If you want something a little fancier go to Juliette; if you're just into CHOCOLATE in general, Cacao is a must visit.
Kinda cool. Certainly the desserts - I had an amazing brownie - are the highlight. Very good mocha, too.Two crepes were ordered. Both savory. Both made with what seems to be canned vegetables: potatoes and spinach. The ham was tasty but I guess I was expecting something richer. The Gruyere was average.Prices are reasonable. Attractive, bright dining space. Very polite service. There are 3 locations in the city. I believe this is a good intro to French breakfast food. But if you're a foodie, the meals won't impress. It will feel like a French Panera Bread with many more hot chocolate choices.
I don't usually eat this kind of food, but when traveling there is a exception. We ordered two different dishes, white chocolate fondue with brownies,waffle bits and fruit. The other was lemon meringue crepe. The fondue was just okay, but the lemon meringue crepe was just great. I liked how the inside was not over loaded with the cream and the meringue was just enough. The waiter who served us was my first bad experience with waiters in this country. They are usually very friendly and upbeat to their visitors. This guy just was not too happy to be serving us. I had to skip my tea since he never came back to check on us.
Overindulgence, chocolate overload, sweet sweet diabetic coma, whatever you want to call it - Juliette Et chocolat will give it to you. Your eyes will glaze over all the colossal chocolate filled menu. You won't decide what to eat immediately, it will take a few moments and perhaps a sip of one of their many artisanal hot chocolates to help your decision along.The serivce was quirky. I couldn't tell if our waiter was just ridiculously polite or flirting with my friend and I. Perhaps it was his quasi-Franco-European allure, or his giant pearly white smile, with an oh so slight arch of the eyebrow?  Perhaps he had a small family to feed and relied on the big tips American women would leave. Either way, I digress, enough about him. I came for dessert only and had some sort of layed concoction of dark chocolate and caramel in a petite mason jar. Rich, tasty and thick. Definitely worth the indulgence. I also picked one of the spicy hot chocolates which to me, didn't have much kick at all. If you have a sweet tooth, Juliette et chocolate is worth checking out either way. Just don't expect it to be quiet or without an arduously long wait!
This is a place with nice fancy food and lots of options (salty and sweet)I ordered a waffle with strawberries and whipped cream. It came with some chocolate ganache to add and some crunchy chocolate chips.Having said that it has some downsides:The waffle was perfect but too small taking into account that it cost 12 dlls (including taxes). The portion is ok maybe for a dessert but not to be considered a breakfast.The waitress was polite but not quite there and not very helpful. She looked bored and seemed to be in a hurry to take my order and I don't like to be rushed in restaurants. She didn't even say "hello " or "bonjour" haha The "ambiance" was too sterile  not cozy with bad music and lots of noise from the other tables so I gave up in my intent to stay there and read my book I don't think I'm coming back which is a shame because the waffle was delicious  :(
Service was sooo slow! The first waiter didn't speak English so ordering or asking questions was difficult. Then we had a 2nd waiter and luckily he spoke English. He wasn't really good at recommendating anything so we just ordered what we thought would be good. I ordered some chocolate drink. I wasn't too happy about it. It wasn't really sweet as I was hoping for. Our time there was a bit longer because of the super slow service. They had free wi-fi which was useful. We were able to check in on Yelp and find out other places to see near the area. Maybe another location would be better to try next time in Montreal. But I think I rather search for a smaller shop for a chocolate drink.
The well-worn saying "death by chocolate" is extremely apropos when applied to an afternoon at Juliette & Chocolat. But hey, if this is how I go, I hope to have a goblet of 60% dark chocolate in one hand and a forkful of fondant in the other. Clearly they are doing something right, as J&C was packed full of chocophiles itching to get their fix. Bf and I managed to snag a table for two to escape the cold. The wait was about 20 minutes for late afternoon.We split a divine grilled banana crepe with caramel and white chocolate ice cream (MMM DELISH) and washed it down with a cup of rich dark hot chocolate (70% Sao Tome). Bf opted for a giant macchiato instead, to counteract the effects of chocolate overload.As other people have said, service is slow (we waited upwards of 30 minutes for our order to be taken, and nearly as long to settle the bill). But I'm willing to forgive that, because it gave us time to talk and relax on a romantic, indulgent, chocolaty date.
After having dinner at Au Pied de Cochon and not being able to get their dessert menu, we decided to get our dessert elsewhere. My friend recommended this restaurant to me so I decided to give it a try.Right away, I love the brightness of this restaurant. It has a real Parisian feel to it. My boyfriend ordered le fleur de sel which is a salted caramel brownie and I ordered a marshmallow explosion drink.The brownie was SO good; we still think about it back in Toronto. The drink was not as good probably because it was a mixed of dark and milk chocolate. The marshmallow is supposedly made in house but it was nothing special in my opinion. The brownie was a perfect blend of sweet and savoury. Whenever I get salt and caramel desserts, I feel that it's unbalance and some bites are too sweet or too salty. This brownie was perfect.We need this restaurant in Toronto!
The rich smell and beautiful bright decor let you know right off the bat that you're in for one decadent experience.  I came here not once, but twice with a friend when we visited Montreal this weekend. The first visit I had the Juliett Sampler. It gave a great overview of all their menu items, and was very filling. The next visit I had the Sundae, which includes brownies, vanilla ice cream, bananas and strawberries with a mountain of whipped cream on top. It was a meal in itself! I would recommend their fondues, ice creams, and brownies. Based on the sampling of their crepes and waffles, I would say that is not their strong suit. Its a little pricey, but definitely a place to go for a fancy chocolate experience!
This is my go-to hangout spot (although my boo prefers Cacao 70).I have a major sweet tooth so J&C always has me covered, like the most reliable dealers ever Their white coconut brownie, amazing, fondant au caramel to die for, brownie au caramel fleur de sel, hellooooo! I wanna go now, just talking about it Cute spacious interior, just love it.
I can't get enough of this place. I have been here for desserts mainly, and it never disappoints me! I tried a couple of different options, they were all good. The petit pot options are great if you just want a little sweet to go.The ambiance is not that special, I feel the place could have more personality. The staff is pretty good overall.
Although I agree with some of the previous comments about few staff relative to patrons, my waitress was always smiling as she passed me, and she even was patient with me as I practiced my french.This place has very creative deserts.  Where else, now seriously, have I ever even imagined seeing chocolate makeup as an option on the menu?  I had a crepe with nutella and banana.  And, the waitress gracefully took the whipped cream off of the bill when I said I thought it had been included (as it was in the picture of the desert on the menu).  Given my unsteady french, it probably was my mistake to not confirm it was included, and yet I appreciated her understanding.Super cute restaurant, and it is defiantly a good bet to share a few deserts with friends.
Appetizer - 2/5 stars.Entrée - 2/5 stars.Dessert - 5/5 stars.Service - 1/5 stars.Long story short - get dessert for takeout here, and then try and get out as fast as you can.  Service was absolutely deplorable for a party of four, taking us close to THREE HOURS from sitting down to actually paying for our meals.  I might expect that sort of wait if I was in a two- or three-Michelin star restaurant, but to wait that long in a fancy-pants ostentatious chocolate/crepe bar is completely unheard of.The butternut squash soup I had for my appetizer was watery and as a result not very flavorful.  I like my broths to be a little bit thicker when it comes to a squash soup, and this was anything but that.  The potato-ham-cheese crepe I had for an entree was a very nice portion size (filled the whole plate), but imagine my shock when I saw sliced deli meat ham inside - are you kidding me?! Maybe I've been overly pampered by other creperies where I've had chunks of the savory meat inside, but to have deli meat inside a crepe?! Get the heck out.  If I wasn't disappointed enough from the soup, this was most definitely the coup-de-grâce of the evening.  Other than that, the buckwheat crepe itself was crisp and delicious, but the filling continued to do nothing for me the rest of the night.On the only bright side I can find, the dessert was truly spectacular.  I had the tiramisu and it was the most coffee-flavored tiramisu I've ever had, smacking you in the face with that rich espresso flavor.  Major kudos for an excellent pastry chef, but man oh man, they've got to do something about their savory dishes.  For a place as hoity-toity as this, they should certainly be able to do better.
definitely one of a kind. the la patatas is definitely a must try. service was alright, for a Saturday id expect them to be better staffed to be able to handle the influx of chocolate lovers. they definitely need to have one in Toronto.
For years, the only thing I would eat was their fondant au chocolat because it was so good (it's still good btw). I remember trying almost everything on their menu until... today. I tried for the first time their rocher cake. Oh my, it was divine. Think chocolate mousse, praline, hazelnut taste + crispy chunks. DIVINE! Next time, I'll add an ice cream next to the cake and I'll have my new fondant au chocolat to enjoy. Juliette et Chocolat is the place to go when a coma by chocolate is needed the most. They offer various types of chocolate, milk, dark, etc. Their desserts are more rich than sweet. Satisfaction is guaranteed if you are a chocolate lover. This location is better too than the St-Denis one, there's less waiting time and no or almost no lineups to get in. Other interesting info: Fondant au chocolat: most of the time the center isn't melting (upsets me each time).Wine: you need to order a meal (read: dinner/lunch - not dessert) to be able to order their wine, which is very disappointed providing their low price on wine. Plus, I'm not even talking about how chocolate would taste ridiculously delicious with wine.
I was so excited on my way over here...I turned out that this was just another over rated place.The crepes was okay, espresso was terrible. I thought that I can get some chocolate, like truffle, it turns out they serve hot chocolate.Worse part, the decor of the place was really nice, however they need better HVAC system because I smelled like grease after sitting in the place for at least 30 minutes.Don't feel too bad if you miss this place when you're in Montreal, QC.
Before even having heard of this place, we drove by this location on Saturday night, and it was packed, we decided to give this a try ourselves the night after.  Considerably less crowded, we sat down and were almost overwhelmed by their vast selection of chocolate desserts and their chocolate drinks.  They have a wide range of milk chocolate and dark chocolate for your enjoyment, just depends on what % you want.  We ordered the small chocolate drink from Ghana, it came in the same glass cognac is typically served in.  We also got the hazelnut praline bomb, which reminded me of a ferraro rocher and the bill actually said "rocher".  The fleur de sel petit pot came in a cute little jar with little pieces of chocolate brownies and caramel with chocolate mousse on the bottom.  This place is definitely for chocolate and/or dessert lovers!
Ok. I feel its unfair for someone like me who doesn't have a sweet tooth to comment on this place but here goes...I was at this place with two people who love chocolate, on of them being Mr. H. We walk in and there was a little bit of a wait to be seated. I was shocked at the number of people who came here to eat a meal of chocolate! We sat down and were given the very large menu of options. It was a bit too much of me so we went with a sampler and Mr. H tried the Peru chocolate drink. The sampler was the perfect size and we got to try a bit of everything. It had fondue with some brownie (the brownie was superb!) and some fruit. There was also a small crepe, a profiterole and some vanilla ice-cream served with whip cream. The ice-cream with whip cream was the most in quantity and it was also what was eaten the least. It was nothing special and I would much rather have had a larger portion of the brownie (somehow in platters the also serve more of the mediocre dish). Mr. H did not enjoy his Peru as much, I think it was too fruity for him (it says its fruity! hello!). I think I would have enjoyed this place much more had I come after dinner and not middle of the day. The chocolate fondue was not the best I've had but the brownie was really good. I don't know if this is a place I would crave to go to again, maybe if I wanted to try the crepes I might.PS: i still can't get over people coming here for dinner!? I guess that's something only chocolate lovers will understand.
Our apartment was only a few minutes walk away from this cute little shop...we had just finished eating a very hearty, hearty lunch, but who said we can't make room for dessert....let alone chocolate?? :)They have a nice variety of foods to eat but where our stomachs and eyes immediately went to on the menu was the back side...."The Chocolate Bar." To put it into the easiest and simplest terms.....this page is a glorious page of an assortment of chocolate DRINKS you could indulge yourself in! If you're looking to keep your calories low for the day.....you might want to flip the menu back over...but come on, everyone needs a nice cheat day or chocolate pick-me-up once in a while! ;) We ordered one of the milk chocolates under The Vintage sections...and OH MY GOODNESS.....when this nice cup of chocolate arrived and that first spoonful of delectiable chocolate hit my tastebuds........I couldn't help but close my eyes in pure bliss and sigh, "Mmmmmm!" I was in chocolate heaven. It was simple. It was elegant. It was delicious!I wish we would have worked out of this shop later in the day because they do have WiFi! Maybe next time :)
Don't even play with me on this one!  Chilly Montreal night with my partner across the table and a REAL hot chocolate between us.  Thick, rich, creamy, melted cocoa goodness.  We sat out in the middle of the sidewalk patio area where the people watching  was divine.  The service was slow or what I call "European" but don't go to Canada expecting New York style warp speed.  This is chill the f*^k out and enjoy something sweet in your mouth kind of place.  And so I did!2 Montreal-cold hard nips!
F Grade for the "Fruits Fondue". Rotten (See attached pics) and this is not the first time ...
Juliette et Chocolate is really a great place for all things chocolate, as well as crepes and beverages.The chocolate ice cream and the Fleur de Sel crepe were both delicious.The only negative here is simple complacency. Service could be a bit better, and the place is not super clean. Other than that, you can bring your screaming kids in here (everyone else does) and have a great sweet tooth experience.
Came here on my last day in Montreal, I really wanted to try more of their sweet desserts but we went around 11am so I ended up getting a buckwheat crepe and Viennese coffee. I got the spinach complete crepe which was very tasty, nice touch with the gruyere cheese. The Viennese coffee was amazing, yummy espresso topped with delicious whipped cream and drizzled with chocolate. My bf ordered the fondue with fruit and dark chocolate, also very good. The waiter was super nice and let us wait in the restaurant for a bit since it was raining out, we will definitely be coming back whenever we're in town!!
If you're not willing to sit down for a full-blown experience, but still need a mid-day pick-me-up:Go to the side counter ("Chocolate Bar") and order a Grandma-style hot chocolate to take out. Hedging our bets, we ordered a Dark Semi-Sweet (how can you lose?), with the addition of a little extra milk. Intense, thick, smooth, and not overly sweet, this is just about the perfect cold-weather beverage.For tourists, an absolute necessity. You'll need the extra calories to power up and down the Boulevard St Laurent. (Plus, the cute items in the display case up front will make good gifts for the folks back home.)
I was so excited to find out that Juliette et Chocolat expanded to a few more locations! The first time I went was 5 years ago at their St.Denis location. This time, I went with four other friends to their St. Laurent location. I ordered a chocolate hazelnut fondue to share. The portions are quite large - a few of us had difficulty finishing. It's a wonderful place to hangout with friends while enjoying some yummy chocolate dessert. There is also a patio area for those who want to enjoy their dessert outdoors or for those who have dogs!
After living in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and NJ where the quality of food is very good due to competition, we have pretty high standards when it comes to food.A definite must!!! Desserts are fresh, delicious and not excessively loaded with sugar!We ordered the chocolate fondue with fruits and the trifle, which were both phenomenal!!! Even the quality of the fondue fruit were delicious! (note: for 2 of us we ordered fondue for 1 and the trifle...we realized if we had ordered the fondue for 2 with the trifle, it would have been too much food after we had dinner. )This place was so delicious that we came back the next day! We ordered the hazelnut praline and once again were impressed.  I love how you don't taste any preservatives or fillers and how fresh everything tastes!Highly recommend this place!!!
The dark chocolate drink was really good :) i ordered a small one because I was worried for the extra calories. Now I am just missing that and wish i had the large...
Desserts were fantastic! We had both the chocolate and caramel crepe. Out of this world!!!!Only reason why I don't give it a 5 star is because the service wasn't the best. It took almost 30 minutes to get our order in and we had to flag down the waiter to pay.
We thoroughly enjoyed the marshmallow madness and chocolate grananche  brownie.The service was excellent and friendly. Marshmallows were fantastic.
Very good. I'm not that big on desserts usually, but this is something I would definitely come back for. I had a brownie with ice cream and it was hands down the best brownie I have ever had in my life. My girlfriend had a taster dish that came with four small desserts. She loved hers as well.
Amazing brownies and desserts however, I feel the need to point out that this place is very much so over priced. Brownies are $4.50-$6 a piece!!! Definitely a once in a while splurge.
One of my very best friend took me there once last year and I fell in love with the place. The lineup is always very big but it is worth the wait time 10. The place it clean and very bright a bit cramped up but after tasting the food you forget about it. The service is also a bit slow but I can understand because the place is always packed. I tried a few of the sweet treat (dessert) but I have not yet tried the meal. Everything I have tasted so far was AMAZING and even that word doesn't make the food justice. You have to try it BUT be careful because it is very addictive and also without a doubt very sweet.
I like the ice cream here...taste so good...this place is always busy..the service is ok..but the price is a bite expensive...
After eating smoked meat up the street, now it is time for some sweet..My Yelp Friend knows Juliette Et Chocolat is not his place the moment he stepped in and saw the white pretty deco. And when he saw the menu, I know he rather be drinking local crafted beers in one of the brewery pubs than drinking these overpriced hot chocolate.We shared Hazelnut Praline Petit Pot ($4.25) which I really enjoyed and Dark Semi-Sweet Classic Style ($4.99) which I hated! I find the hot chocolate was such a disappointment just overly sweet with hardly any chocolate taste! The Vintages ones does sounded better but seriously at over $10? Definitely overpriced IMO!Service was meh, not on par with other Montreal business I been to. It took forever to take our order and our glasses stayed empty even several requests to be refilled! I don't think I will be back......... and I know my Yelp Friend totally agreed with me on that!
Juliette et Chocolat has good chocolate, which is expected from a chocolate restaurant, it's not cheap but hey it is good quality so I won't complain (it's not overpriced either). Their savoury dishes are not impressive though...bland salad and half empty, kinda dry crepes - still, not too bad.The reason I am writing this review today, and why I am only giving two stars instead of three or four, is because their service is awful. I live right next to Juliette et Chocolat and my roommate is a chocoholic, so I come here about twice a month - almost a regular. Today it took us 40 minutes to get our dessert and coffee, and the waitress avoided eye contact the whole time and did not apologize a single time (oh and she also messed up my friend's order), and again made us wait another 15 for the check ( that we had already asked for). At 9 PM the restaurant is super packed, I totally get that you are running around like crazy, but at least let us know you are sorry for the waiting time.The problem is this is far from being the first time it happens. The service is always slow, even if you go for brunch, but this year the restaurant has been obviously understaffed during dessert time (8 to 11 PM), making waiting times ridiculously long. Also their staff is very unprofessional. They need to remedy to this because it's really affecting their dining quality. Also, Cacao 70 on Parc has great service and just as good chocolate, so it's time to get off your high horse Juliette.
Horrible experience....our dessert order was delayed, my coffee was forgotten....couldn't even get a straw after it was asked for on many occasions....definitely won't be coming back. Ruined my Montreal experience.
I've been coming here for a long time, yet the other day I came in and it took us 45 minutes to even receive drinks (a diet coke and apple juice). Then another hour and a half before we got our food. I understood it was busy so we didn't say anything to our waiter (especially because it is not his fault), but when we eventually paid, my waiter crumpled up my receipt and threw it on my plate, exclaiming "now you can f*** off". This is never okay from service staff and I definitely will not be coming back here after.
Be ready to head for the gym after a visit to J&C. This is the one place for all chocolate lovers. It's worth the experience.However, when we went the service was absolutely awful. The food was good but not worth the wait. Everything was overpriced. Our waitress lost our order and we had to wait an extra half an hour before we got our food and that was without counting the time it took us to put our order and the time it took us to pay. If you have a lot of time on your hands and enjoy sitting down and chatting with friends then this is a good place to go. Otherwise, order a take-out or go to one of their other franchise.
Dessert was acceptable. However the service was both slow and inefficient. When the length of time to wait was discussed with the server the reaction of "it's not my fault" was rather useless. Why would you charge a premium for decaf?
I really wanted to try a classic crepe in Montreal so I made my way over to Juliette Et Chocolate alone on a Thursday evening.The place was fairly busy, I waited in line for about twenty minutes before I was seated. The menu was very large and I would have had trouble deciding what I wanted if I had not already had something in mind. I ordered a half-dark, half-milk chocolate, banana and strawberry crepe. The server was sweet and charming and brought me my dessert within ten minutes. It was exactly how I wanted it. The fruit was fresh, the chocolate warm and the crepe recipe sweet and soft. Everyone around me looked very happy, there were many couples and groups of friends. The environment is warm and welcoming, and perfect for anyone planning on eating alone as well.
chocolate is good.......however if you find a favorite they'll most likely be out of it.service is super slow and the staff are over run and look miserable there are not enough waiters or people to help wait tables and offer good service and there is no one dedicated person to help ring up people so getting your bill is tedious and long.  normal meals are over priced and the chocolates as well but if you need something sweet it will do the job.just don't count on the service to help
Where do frazzled couples go for late evening dessert? And single girls who don't want another sweaty, dirty night of clubbing on St. Laurent?Ah, yes, Juliette et chocolate!You'll find yourself standing in line, and probably shouting over the table to your friend; it's that busy. I ordered the cheesecake brownie and a mousse pot. However, after finishing the brownie, I realized...there was no 'cheese' taste to the cheesecake brownie!! I told the waiter and he thought I had ordered the caramel brownie. He did not offer to bring me my actual order, or take the caramel brownie off the bill. I was NOT pleased. Although the mousse was pretty good, the brownie-mix up was a real downer.Maybe it wouldn't have bothered me so much if I wasn't paying for overpriced dessert in a place lacking ambience, as well as tasteful service.
I really wish we had a Juliette et Chocolat in Toronto!We stopped by here on what must have been one of the coldest nights of the year. It was great to see that on a night where every bar and restaurant was empty, a dessert shop such as this actually had a lineup of people waiting to be seated. I tried the crepes which were good, and the Peruvian hot chocolate which I found exceptional albeit a bit too pricey! I must admit that the hot chocolate menu is simply the best one I've seen so far and would have me coming back over and over to try every single item!Overall, there is much to love and little to complain about a spacious, well lit joint serving delicious specialty hot beverages until late! I will be back.
Really awesome place. Proportions are perfect and has a good price. One of the best restaurants I've been to in Montreal
Service was great, the salty crepes were great, presentation was nice and carefully crafted for each things. It's a worthy experience and of course you can't order the whole menu and spend the day eating chocolate, but you'll seriously consider it.However I feel it's slightly hyped and pricey for what they offer. But don't worry, it's chocolate!
Ouf! Gosh darn I miss this place, now that I dont live in Montreal anymore!!You dont underSTAND how unbelieveably amazing this place is, if you've never been!Crepe with dulce de leche and pears = Perfect perfect perfect! Fleur de Lys Petit Pot = Holy goodness.. Heaven in my mouth!!Counting the days till my next visit!
My order: brownie & dark chocolate raspberry mousse (yummy) Pros:- Huge selection of chocolate goodies. From drinks to entrées and desserts, they have it all- the cutest uniform. I usually don't comment on this but they pair a big red bakers hat with a black apron. Adorable! - they heated up our brownie ; the texture of it didn't even seem semi solid. It was pretty cool! - they have their desserts on display ;that helped me decide what I wanted to get! - free Wifi courtesy of Bell Cons:- I hear that they develop a line outside (to get in) as the night draws.
Finally made it to this popular chocolate heaven. Overall enjoyable time, the place is a little bit noisy on Sunday afternoon and doesn't feel very cosy, the service was good and friendly, but on a busy day you need to work to get immediate attention.Nothing can go wrong with peanut butter, chocolate and banana crepe, where you can choose between milk, dark and less sweet chocolate.However, the highlight of this visit is my "alcoholic" hot chocolate called Spicy Sunset (Le Soleil Epicé according to the French menu), which was an amazing concoction of chocolate, spices such as pepper and ginger, and Cointreau. So yummy!!!I wish they have a hot chocolate taster option, so you can try and compare the different flavors at the same time.
I fell in love with this place.  It is decadent and delicious and open late!  I had the fleur de sel brownie with caramel sauce.  Out of this world!  I could have drank that whole sauce pot and have been content.  It was luscious, smooth and velvety.  Amazing!They even have really naughty chocolate displays so you could bring the experience home and get a giggle from the recipient.Service was ok but who cares when the food is sinfully divine.  Definitely a must go when you are in Montreal.  You will not be disappointed.
Delicious chocolate. I got a couple of different pieces of chocolate, all were yummy. What was even better- their brownies. They are to die for. I got 4 different kinds and all were just as good as the other.
Okay, so the menu is spectacular. I've had things here that I never though could be done with chocolate. From hot chocolates to ice cream to more elaborate deserts, I've yet to try something here I didn't like.However, it is (unsurprisingly) very busy, and wait-times for a table can be long. So while it would be a great date spot *in theory*, something gets lost in translation by the time you get a table and finally get served.I wouldn't do it on a first date, but it might be a fun place to end a night with someone you know well, especially after dinner.
Ice cream sandwich was amazing!! Soft chewy cookie with delicious ice cream. Definitely worth the dipping!
This place is AMAZING! They have the coolest desserts that will leave you super satisfied:) and the vibe is young and classy... Filled with people at 10pm on a Saturday night!
We passed by this establishment enroute to the nearby "must eat at" deli. I should have skipped the deli and gone straight here. The desserts were divine. The hot chocolate is something I can hardly wait to have again. We ate our meal and wound up buying stuff to go. Some was for ourselves and some as gifts for our friends in the US.I was concerned about prior comments on it being busy. We had a nary a problem getting a seat on a Saturday afternoon.
Stopped in on a freezing night with my wife for warmth and some chocolate. What we got was a fantastic dessert experience!!! I ordered the a chocolate drink "grandma" style of dark semi sweet chocolate that was think, rich and delicious! My wife got fondue chocolate for one which was a cup of fondue surrounded by fresh cut up fruit - apples, kiwis, pears, strawberries, pineapples, etc. and was equally delicious and definitely enough to share a bit with me as well. Service was very friendly and the atmosphere was lively and busy but didn't feel cramped.I have three minor criticisms: one, I wish both of our chocolates came out a little warmer; two, our orders did not come out at the same time and I was almost halfway done with mine before my wife's came out; and three - Montreal is freezing at night, and yes, I get it ladies, your thin stockings you wear while going to the nearby clubs aren't doing much to warm your legs, but the line out the door gradually turned into people holding both sets of doors open in an attempt to warm themselves - thus freezing everyone else. I wish management would enforce a door closed policy.With that said, those are obviously minor critiques and this chocolatier will otherwise offer you an otherwise incredible experience!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! If one loves chocolate, Juliette is a MUST! Yes, it's a small chain, but it's such a great vibe that one wouldn't know without doing research. I noticed in some of the recent views, some complain about service ... but our service ON Quebec day was FAB-U-LOUS!!! Could not be more attentive and charming. Choices are limited here and all chocolate in some form. We loved that they had a section for drinking chocolates -- much like a wine selection. We opted for the Madagascar mango chocolate - comes in a HUGE cup and while thick was just the perfect viciousness to drink (plus not too sweet)! We could not finish so took it to our place and put it in the fridge to become a very smooth mousse drink for later!! :) Also had their nutella, banana, and strawberry crepe which had that rich eggy texture of a trrrrue crepe!! =) Crepe comes with a piece of their select chocolates!A true chocolate aficionado find! ** pst -- check out their store up front.  they have a section devoted to the passionate chocolatier with a love for kuma sutra =P
Ah, Juliette et Chocolat, your brownies are still as delicious as I remember. Been here a bunch of times as it was one of the places I took out of town friends to when they were craving chocolate/dessert.Place was pretty busy when I met up with a friend on a Wednesday evening. Staff is super friendly and tres mignon in their hats. Haha. I had a dinner to go to afterwards so we just split a brownie:- The Banatella ($4.65) - nutella, banana and praline. We didn't taste a lot of banana but it was moist and rich in flavour. I still think my favourite is the Ivory (white chocolate and coconut).Great place to take a date or chill out with a friend or two. Definitely a place for chocolate lovers.
wonderful selection of hot and cold chocolate drinks, along with variety of milk drinks. we shared the dark chocolate and praline fondue, and white, milk, and dark chocolate swirl fondue with fruit platter and the sweets platter. oh we also got the banana split. it was all great. we didn't think we could finish it all, but we did, between the 4 1/2 of us. I will definitely go back next timw we are in Montreal.
I love love love chocolate and this place fulfilled my chocolate craving and then some. The milk chocolate crepe with strawberries and bananas was amazing! They also have chocolate alcoholic beverages as well as gourmet hot chocolate drinks. I will definitely be back here again soon!
Juliette offers many chocolate-centric desserts which are delicious although nothing new. Where it is special is the "single origin" chocolate menu. Here you'll find lists of chocolates with detailed tasting notes usually reserved for fine wines, served melted in a glass to be eaten straight up by spoon. It's a decadent and cool experience, and the chocolate is damn good even if you don't taste every nuance. They also serve excellent coffees including a chocolate covered Viennese, so make sure this is on your list for dessert or a midday pick-me-up. Your girlfriend will be thrilled and you'll enjoy it too.Recommended: Any Single Origin Chocolate, Fleur de Sel Caramel Pot
I love the ambiance of this place. It's pretty, bright and sunny, and perfect for dessert with the girls! Me and my friend came here to try out their crepes. My friend got the dulce de leche with pears but after a few bites, we realized they didn't put the dulce de leche and instead gave us chocolate. I asked if my friend wanted the kitchen to fix it but he was okay with it since he liked chocolate. I really wanted to try the caramel sauce though.... I got the fruits and melted chocolate crepe. This was soooo good. There was a lot of variety of fruits and a massive amount of it too. Portion size is definitely big.  Quality of chocolate was decent. I really enjoyed the crepe but I couldn't finish it. I also got the cafe au lait which was strong and perfect match with the crepe.
During our long weekend trip to Montreal in February, I told my hubby that I really wanted to eat crepes! So of course the first place we checked to find crepes was yelp and they suggested Juliette et Chocolat. Juliette et Chocolat is a lovely modern cafe with lots and lots of chocolate all around.  It looked like everyone had a pot of chocolate! Being a chocoholic...I was excited indeed! Both my hubby and I ordered crepes with strawberries but when I was scanning the menu, the trifle caught my eye.  The crepes were ok...I thought the crepes would be folded into a triangle but it was like a large crepe with chocolate spread on top and sliced strawberries on the chocolate.  Nothing special. And to be honest, the strawberries weren't ripe but then again, it's February....not July so really I guess it couldn't be helped! The trifle on the other hand was absolutely the best thing I put into my mouth that weekend.  I am still dreaming about this trifle to this day.  It was basically layers of brownie, fleur de sel caramel, whipped cream and then you pour hot chocolate overtop.  AMAZING! Every single component of this dessert was heavenly.  I was never one to really like whipped cream (I immensely disliked the one on Chinese cakes growing up) but then I started making my own whipped cream and realized how good it tastes...and the whipped cream at Juliette et Chocolat was like that whipped cream...homemade and fresh! SO good! The five stars is honestly for the trifle...it was that good.  I will definitely be going back there to put some more heavenly trifle into my mouth!
Juliette is a wonderful place to bring in a group of people and have a nice conversation while enjoying decent desserts. The ambience is very modern and cute-like, and they do have free wifi. The food actually took a bit long for it to be served.I ordered chocolate fondant with milk chocolate and vanilla ice cream. The ice cream was very rich and creamy, and the fondant was also really chocolate-y and great, but it was a bit too sweet for me. Maybe I should've gotten dark chocolate instead of milk.I also ordered the dulce de leche crepe with pear. It was a huge portion, and the crepe was amazing. However, after each bite, it was getting to the point where I did not enjoy it as much.I'll definitely come back here for other desserts with a few peeps! Hopefully there are better desserts than the ones I've had!
The hot chocolate was amazing. The taste platter was good and really enjoyed the fondue. Was expecting to feel sick from the chocolate but it was actually good in that respect. The sweet portions were small enough to enjoy without overloading your senses. The atmosphere was likewise enjoyable: not too quiet not too loud. Overall, a five star chocolate experience.
I went here four years ago with two close friends. It still occasionally enters conversation and we reminisce about the desserts and chocolate milkshakes we had. I was excited to return when I came back to Montreal for a visit today, and was not disappointed. I had the raspberry chocolate mousse, and it was perfect. This places knows chocolate and keeps it very classy. A great place to impress your sweet tooth friend or upscale relatives. Also, lovely patio.
Visited @juliettechoco this afternoon for the first time. I was able to be seated by myself immediately and took a look at the menu and was trying to decide between eating something sweet (the grilled banana caramel crepe looked good) and drinking something decadent (Maralumi; A spicy chocolate from New Guinea).  I asked the waitress about the drinking chocolates as I was concerned that there would be too much for me. She let me know that though the servings are pretty large, they actually taste really good after being refrigerated overnight and become almost mousse-like. With that, I chose the Maralumi drinking chocolate for a little over 11$.Within minutes of my order, the drinking chocolate was warming my hands. The drink was decadent, thick, creamy and rich. I sat there for a bit, a sip here and a sip there. I really liked this hot chocolate drink, and could appreciate it more as a person who doesn't partake in chocolate very often. It wasn't too sweet.  and It had a hit of spiciness, it was complex in flavour and offered a nice hint of tang, that hit right at the end of a sip, as the chocolate melted along my tongue. After about 20 minutes, and maybe 1/3rd of the way into my drink, the chocolate began to foam. Looking somewhat like an aero bar, I cold see how this drink might easily transform into a mousse! I decided that that was enough for me, and got her to pack up my drink to go.There were two sources of free wifi, one was the wifi offered by St-Laurent Blvd and there was Ile-sans-fils. There was also a connection for Juliette et Chocolat but it required a password and I didn't bother asking about it. Overall, the service was friendly and helpful.
This is NOT wheelchair accessible as advertised on Yelp.
Quality, perfect quantity and fairly priced. Good service, nice waiters, professionasl and quick.
This was my first time here and although I was eager to try the chocolate delicacies on their menu, I started with a salad for dinner.  I had the "agrume/citrus" salad and it was wonderful. The portion was enormous, with grilled chicken, oranges, grapefruit and a fun crepe-based wheel of sorts on the top.  So fun and filling. But not to worry, I saved room for dessert (and wasn't disappointed)!!  The fleur de sel brownie was amazing.  Served warm with a caramel sauce drizzled over it, there was the perfect balance of salty and sweet.   Luckily, it was a normal sized brownie because otherwise I would have been in trouble (and eaten far too much).  The service was great, our waitress was so nice and the food came very quickly (and the water was poured often which is so nice).  Plus, she let us sit and talk for a long time with no fuss.  Truly a wonderful (chocolately) experience.
My wife and I decided to visit Juliette Et Chocolat on our honeymoon. We stopped in for a late-night dessert, and thought we'd get a quick sweet crepe, and maybe a brownie to go along with it.A host quickly approached us upon our arrival and sat us down at a table. Either by our deer-in-the-headights look, or my saying, "Hello," immediately upon entering, he could tell that we only spoke English (however much we wished we spoke French), and he handed us their English menu.After looking over our choices we asked our waitress for the Dulce de Leche and Pear crepe, and The Peanut brownie.Service was fast, and we received our crepe only 5 minutes later. As soon as we looked at our crepe we were both disappointed. They used canned pears!! The corn syrup soaked, grainy textured, pears were accompanied by a caramel that seemed to just be mixed with milk, since you couldn't taste the Dulce de Leche at all, and the caramel drizzle was hardly enough to bring any flavor back to our washed out crepe.The brownie had the distinct flavor of being from a box. Rather than the rich cocoa an butter flavor of a freshly baked brownie, all we could taste was a syrupy flavor (which we simply presumed was more corn syrup, though we may be wrong). The peanut butter that came in the brownie was not fresh tasting, but had more of a Jiffy flavor.Although some of the service we great, and we really liked how the host intuited that we were English-speakers, we can't recommend this place as somewhere someone should eat.
I really enjoyed this spot - a huge menu of different items, all chocolate!  I was here on two occasions and had brownies, which were incredibly rich and moist (these were gluten free too!), and had their sundaes, which were a decadent dessert.  It's nice to have a relaxing and comfortable place to enjoy chocolate desserts.
The fondue with fresh fruit was simply delicious, and the trifle was one of my husband's favorite desserts he's ever had.  The waitress was very sweet.  This seems like one of those places where you can't go wrong with whatever you order.  It's the only place we are planning to visit twice during our short trip in Montreal, because it was so good.  Highly recommended.
Only had time for take out but I was definitely glad I dropped by.   The aroma of all the nearby desserts was to die for.   I despereately wanted a savoury crepe but didn't think it would travel well.   Ordered two intense brownies and they definitely lived up to the hype, along with hot chocolate with salted caramel that went down real well.   Will definitely be back to further explore the menu in a dine in experience.
Delicioussssssssss,Awesomeeeeeeeeeeee,Crazyyyyyyyy­yyy,Love itttttttttttttttttttttt. It's Not enough
Loud,crowded,music pounding from the club upstairs,people constantly streaming in and out. The waitresses are certainly kept busy running back and forth;the prices are definitely on the high side,but the desserts are very rich. I had a intense brownie paired with Earl Grey tea,my friend ordered a tiramisu and chai. My brownie arrived with my Earl Grey tea,and I must say,I was not impressed with the tiny size of the brownie,that is until I thought I would not be able to finish it,it is really VERY rich. The tea was good,but not exceptional,the teapot only half-full! My friend's tiramisu was really a pudding served in a jar,her chai was not what she had thought it would be,she ended up sending it back and ordered an Earl Grey as well. Service was timely and courteous.
The place: nice but not "WOW!amazing!". Just regular! Really pretty style but personally despersive. A lot of people going there. At 7o clock it was almost full. WELCOME: the waiter who received us at the beginning was annoyed. As we preferred a table to the one he gave us he was manifestly bothered! The second waitress was vitriolic. The third just interested to let us pay. SALTED DISHES: really good even if the salad wasn't fresh. The BROWNIES: special! I took the one with nut. Yummy, dense, really good percentage of chocolate, bits of crunchy nuts. I'll try it againfor and again for food! Really special.
We accidentally find this wonderful place when walking to get a smoke meat at Swartz . Chocolate fondue is one of the hallmark. Milk chocolate is more tasty than semi dark. It is tasty and yummy and goes well with fruits. We have to ask for more for the chocolate. The icecream bowl is good but it not come in a bowl ( as I imagine) . The portion of the icecream is good for 2 ppls. Tiramisu is so so , taste like general tiramisu. Go for chocolate fondue for this place with a nice chill out place and good service.
Good environment, love their crepe, not big fan of chocolate but their dessert looks all delicious to me
Chocolate cafe? Oh yes! Very cute shop with a huge intensive menu related to chocolate! I ordered a milk chocolate called "New Guinea" paired with a little chocolate-banana brownie. I would sip the chocolate drink and take a little bite of the brownie. It was superb and must be enjoyed slowly. I mean, what's the rush anyways? Enjoy!
On a short weekend trip to Montreal, we just knew we had to stop into Juliette et Chocolat - and we certainly were not disappointed! This place has a coffee shop feel to me because they serve desserts, crepes, hot drinks, but at the same time offer full meals and entrees. There were lots of large groups of friends catching up and at the same time pockets of tables that looked like dinner dates or friend catch-ups. The star of it all though was the food - particularly the chocolate. absolutely sinfully delicious! Rich, creamy, dark - light, frothy, dilectible...the choices span the entire gammit. I would come back in a heartbeat to try it all over again!
Various treats to soothe your sweet tooth! Absolutely delicious, luscious, rich, and tasteful. I love their crepes, chocolate shots, raspberry sorbet with meringue, and brownies. Seriously, EVERYTHING is great. The St. Laurent Juliette et Chocolat is situated amidst numerous bars, clubs and other restaurants, which makes it a great spot to start the night or end the night - your pick! It gets busy and somewhat loud, but the ambiance and service never fail!
Probably one of the most reliable place in town for chocolate, crepes and a little chit-chat. Read more on theforbiddenmeal.com/201…
Fantastic!  We shared the following:-Banatella Brownie (Banana, Nutella and Pralines) - I didn't know what to expect, I never really had a banana brownie before.  Let me just tell you, this was AMAZING.  It looked like a brownie but tasted more like "banana bread".  It wasn't too too sweet and the pralines added a nice texture.  -Strawberry Banana Crepe with Vanilla Ice Cream and White Chocolate drizzle - First off, I'm not a huge white chocolate fan.  However, this crepe was to die for.  The white chocolate wasn't over bearing at all.  The combination of strawberries/banana/ice cream/white choco was mouth watering.   -Citrus Salad - This salad was very light and refreshing. -Spinach, Egg, Turkey, Buckwheat Savory Crepe - The Spinach is very over powering.  I love spinach but this had a seaweed smell/taste to it.
This place is Gluten Free Desert Heaven!  The Trifle is the BOMB, and the caramel sauce is additive.  I also love the Citrus Salad.
They do have a nice menu with tons of 'chocolaty' desserts, which are all amazing on your tongue, oh god! But I tend to prefer to grab a hot chocolate for take-out instead of drinking it on place: too crowdy for me.Otherwise, a nice place to discover tons of meals with chocolate in all forms! For the chocolate fans only ;)
Nom nom nom..I had the brownie with the scoop of vanilla ice cream and it was amazing, albiet super filling to a level such that I told myself I would not eat for 2 days (of course I didn't follow through).My friend got the chocolate shake with the spicy pepper flavor...wasn't so spicy. I was a little surprised they had "crepe with Nutella" on the menu. Really? Why would anyone come here for something they can easily make and have at home?Too much noise and too many rowdy little kids.
Very good chocolate, and such a variety--but the place needs a good clean! The floors (and it's now only late morning) are dirty and the ledges under their huge wall-sized windows are filthy! I can't even put my bag down on it. If the public areas are this in need of attention, it makes me worry about their practices in the kitchen.
If you are a chocolate lover you can not miss this place.  I don't have a sweet tooth myself but I this was my third trip to Julliette et Chocolat (twice @ this location and once at the other close by location - different review for that).The size of this location definitely helps with creating a nice atmosphere.  The staff are friendly although service can be a bit slow.  Both times we were seated right away and didn't wait long to have our orders taken.In my initial visit I had ordered a savory chicken, spinach and goat cheese buckwheat crepe and the nutcracker drink.  I recall this combo being delightful.   On my most recent visit, I ordered a tea, along with a sweet Nutella, banana & strawberry crepe.  The crepe was light, fluffy and big enough - just right.  What I was disappointed with is the quantity of the toppings especially when I had paid extra to switch my chocolate to Nutella.They do have WiFi at this location, which I hadn't used, and they accept credit cards for payments.  Their menu can be found on their website and lists the other chocolaty treats they offer aside from the crepes.
Both the savory an sweet crepes were phenomenal. The portions were appropriate, and you pay for the quality. Yum!
Seems kind of touristy but I had a good meal and a fun time going here.  It gets busy and is kind of pricey for what you get, but overall i'd come back if I was in the area.Ordered the chocolate/peanut butter/banana crepe and was pleasantly surprised by the giant square that arrived. Nothing really special about it though.
Likes: chocolate, location, concept, serviceDislikes: priceWent here in late August 2013 on a late Saturday night. The place was packed, and the line-ups took 20 minutes to get in. Location:The location is prime. It's in a busy spot in Montreal where a lot of young people hung out. Night life was everywhere. This is perfect for date night. Chocolate: A place that specializes on chocolates?! Hell yes! I love the concept, how it really is a prime spot for dessert. Chocolate lovers will be served with all options for chocolate. They even had alcoholic drinks with chocolate, shooters, chocolate from around the world.Service:Service was totally there. The servers were friendly and energetic. They also spoke English, so a plus if French isn't your strength. Verdict:Oui! Worth the wait. I wish they have this in Vancouver :)
A busy dessert place where the staff wear big goofy red chef hats and thick rimmed glasses. It's bustling - a good place for groups and chatty dates. I had one of the many chocolate drinks and really didn't taste the unique flavour that was touted on the menu (I suspect they all taste the same). It wasn't as dark and rich as I expected. I think Soma Chocolatiers in Toronto makes a better chocolate drink.The crepe was pretty good but didn't really stand out to me. I took a few bites of the peanut butter and chocolate.Reliable place for dessert anyway when you're on St-Laurent post-dinner. Nice decor though a bit hotel-like.
Took the family here before we headed to the airport to pick up some chocolate for our friends had a quick dessert. Wow it was amazing. The fleur de sel carmel was out of this world. No chocolate for our friends "Let them eat Carmel!"
Local Queen of Chocolates, Ms. Juliette has created a modern & chic cafe style ambiance, delightful desserts, and impeccable buckwheat crepes and classic flavors. One of the best crepes in my humble opinion outside of Brittany. It's open all day from 11 AM, so stop in any time for a cup of coffee, glass of wine with some classic french sweet and savory offerings.
Best milkshake ever.  Take the dark one.  The milk version taste funny.Best hot chocolate.  Take traditional and dark yummy!
No words for how amazing this crepe was. I had banana with caramel and vanilla ice cream. Unbelievably perfect. Will be back for more.
If you love chocolate, it's necessary to go here. Pros: 1) One word: Brookie. Yes that's a cookie baked inside of a brownie. It was as delicious as it sounds. My husband got an equally delicious nutella banana brownie. 2) the people who worked there were very helpful and cheery. Cons: 1) if you get these from the pastry counter to-go (as we did) they serve everything cold. Who wants to eat an ice-cold brownie? 2) Pricey. $11 for two brownies.
Perfect coffees and perfect French crepes. Very understanding servers who did not seem to mind as our baby screamed through breakfast (sorry, everyone else patronizing this establishment).
After indulging my favourite smoked meat at Schwartz's, I walked by this dessert place and got attracted by its bright, open, pretty (and girly) decor. It was a cool and quiet Sunday afternoon, and we were seated on the side while all the windows/doors were opened. Nice fresh air and people watching!We ordered few items to satisfy our sweet tooth craving:- Classic style dark semi-sweet hot chocolate ($4.99)- The Velvety Chill ~ chilled milk chocolate, Baileys, scoop of hazelnut ice cream, and a dash of fleur de sel caramel ($10.50)- regular coffee- Gianduja and lime mousse cake ($5.99)We loved the iced chocolate Baileys drink the most.  It's very smooth and not overly sweet.  Seriously, Baileys makes everything taste so much better!!! LOLHot chocolate was presented in a weird bowl and milk jug.  Initially we didn't know what to do with the bowl.  It tasted pretty good.Coffee was A-okay, nothing to write about.Mousse cake was meh. I have had much better cake elsewhere. The cake bottom could be more interesting if it was made crunchier.Service was pretty good. Many Yelpers have complained that the service was cold. I guess we were lucky on that day. It wasn't exceptionally warm, but it was attentive enough. Just a bit slow, but that's what I found in many Montreal eateries. Is it because Montreal people are more laid back? :PThey do have some cute chocolate items for sale in their fridge. Heard of Chocolate Lipsticks before? :D They looked very real indeed!This place is definitely on the expensive side. Would I be back? May be. I wouldn't mind coming back for a girls day/night out or a date, but not for a quick chocolate fix on my own.3.5 stars
I do love good chocolate, and they do a pretty good job at feeding my chocolate appetite on most days. I also love their outfits. Very cute place.
This is a must eat place! The desserts are phenomenal! The staff is very friendly and helpful in explaining how things are prepared and which are the best of the best. The raspberry sorbet is delicious. The crepe is so large, I nearly had to be rolled home! Wonderful experience!
Chocolate HeavenWonderful chocolate. Fabulous chocolate ganache shot.  Excellent crepesGood for lunch.  We had the sugar crepe and the crepe Provençal. They were greatHigh chairs for kids.  Friendly waiters.  Great service.  Beautiful decor
best hot chocolate!
I will give them 2.5/5 but for the petite pot I round it to a 3One of the water we were given had some black specs in it.... ewwwDeserts rating4/10 - Hot chocolate - too thick for me more like soup. A bit Peru chocolate (avoid it)4/10 - The trifle  - It's basically caramel and whip cream layers... with little brownie ... too sweet. over kill (avoid it)9/10  Passion fruit petite pot - omg yummy.  Tart and sweet. I would have given  it 10 if they give me a bigger size.8/ 10 hazelnut praline petit pot - my friend love it.  good balanceMenu: julietteetchocolat.com/m…
Great indulgence. it was over the top chocolate.
I get the caramel brownie trifle whenever i go and boy is it just heavenly. I honestly don't have a single friend that's been to Juliette and chocolat that doesn't love this place. One of my friends is a celiac and lactose intolerant and even she has a dessert she loves from there.The only downside is that I wished the service was better, I've been to all locations and i think they don't train their employees very well because the service is always pretty bad.
Pros:Grandma style not-so-bitter hot chocolate (the best I've ever had)Anything with chocolateCons:Not much If you love chocolate (I don't even think I am one), this is a must visit spot. Their hot chocolates are to-die for. They are superb!
Yum, yum, yum, yum yum!!!!  This place came extremely well recommended.  While I love chocolate it isn't quite worth the hype.... but still DELICIOUS.My boyfriend and I went on the coldest day on record,,, something like -17 F.  We had to stop in to a bunch of hokey stores all the way down in order to keep from freezing to death.  Once we finally made it, it was warm and inviting.We each had hot chocolate - great, but almost too thick to drink.  We then split a dark chocolate fondue... fruits were ripe and sweet.  Chocolate was thick and dark.
I love chocolate!  I'm not sure why it has taken me so long to find a dessert place dedicated to it but finally! Heaven. Chocolate heaven. So even after a filling (and lacklustre meal) I was happy to find this just down the street from where we were - I can't say no to chocolate.  I love the red floppy chef hats that all the waitresses wear (they probably hate it) - it's cute and adds a cute look to the place. We were seated right away (we came around 8pm on a week night). Their menu is extensive.  They have savoury crepes but of course, the menu is dominated with chocolate desserts & drinks.  Ordered:The Antillaise crepe ($13.95): grilled bananas & pineapples with two scoops of ice cream with chocolate sauce drizzled all over it.  It's one of their flaming crepes (yes - flaming!).  So it was flamed with rum.  So I was expecting a fiery of FLAMES but alas it was only meek blue ones that can only be seen in my photo if you zoom in. Oh well, the flame itself was great!  Grilled pineapples and chocolate - hello and welcome to my belly!Araguni, chocolate to drink ($9.75): this is off their dark vintages menu.  It was thick, warm and just slightly sweet.  Hot chocolate from other places just seem like a farce now, though much better for your wallet. For $9.75, I thought this was a bit pricey. Another one of those places that I wish I had in my home town.  Sigh.
We got to enjoy crispy buckwheat crepes and light salad for lunch here. The wait staff brings a credit card machine to you and you can swipe and enter in the amount for tips right at your table. There are small gift options or desserts-on-the-go you can browse in the store.
Yesterday I ordered a dulce de leche and pear crepe to go.  It was amazing!!! Super sweet and fresh, and a little different from the typical nutella or chocolate crepes I go for.  I would highly recommend!
I was planning on meeting a friend to catch up and wanted a simple cafe. Juliette served up a good environment to talk and get a bite to eat. I had a dessert for breakfast (how could one resist?). I ordered the Peanut butter, milk chocolate and banana crepe. It was great. It wasn't too heavy but combine a lot of my favorite things, how could you not go wrong?In addition, my friend and I stayed a bit longer to talk. They didn't try to usher us out and were very polite about my non-french speaking capabilities (however Montreal makes me want to take a class).I would definitely go back.
- Horribly cold impersonal service - the staff evidently lack organization at first glance- Chocolate fondue was served stone cold - what's the point!- Hot chocolate tasted more like a sickly sweet drink that vaguely resembles chocolate I was so excited to try this place out but was sorely disappointed.BOTTOM LINE : if u have refined taste buds, give this place a pass!
How can you say no to chocolate? That was exactly what I said when I drag our group into this cute little chocolate store on the corner of the street. We were greeted in french and a sweet chocolate scent. There is a huge glass counter by their entrance that holds various kinds of chocolate truffles, treats, cookies, etc. There are so many different choices, but I was close to making a decision, until I saw more glass counters in the back of the store, with cakes, mousse, pies, and more!! I went to the back of the stores and there were different brownie, cake, pies, tiramisu, cakes, mousse, pies, did I say cakes? It doesn't matter how many circles I walked in front of these lovely sweet treats, or how many hands prints and nose prints I left on their glass case, I finally decided on 4 things, all for myself, of course. Bf can get his own.their tiramisu is comfortably nested in a cute little glass jar, it's so cute that I didn't want to open it. Ok, I'll save it for later.the chocolate mousse is the shape of half a dome, and covered with a layer of chocolate. I dug a fork into it and it collapsed because its center is filled with super moist cake, creamy chocolate mousse and a layer of hazelnut cream. I took a bite, then another bite, then another. Bf can keep staring at me, like I said earlier, he can get his own.Of course I bought a piece of nutella brownie, how can you say no to nutella brownie?? and a piece of pistachio hazelnut brownie, because it's right next to the nutella one and you can just one by and not the other. It's not polite to make any one of them feel left out. These are not your regular store brownie. There are super moist, rich, but not overly rich to make you feel disgusting, they are just right, and extremely satisfying. Of course there's no sharing.There's also cheesecake brownie. Who came up with that idea? cheesecake + brownie! I saved it for later but it disappeared before I get to try it!It was a bit confusing since everything is in french, but chocolate is chocolate, no matter which one you choose, it'll be good! Especially the goodies from Juliette!
If I was living in Montreal, I would be a regular customer. This place is awesome!I've been here a few times and I've fallen in love. Juliette & Chocolat has a very clean, bright, cozy and chic décor. The place is big and can seat many people which I like about the place. The staff is very friendly, but most of my visits here I was suffering through the service.This restaurant offers uniquely flavoured chocolates from different countries with great quality. You have the option of having your chocolate grandma style, classic, milk, white and dark with any order that has chocolate. They also have chocolate cocktails which I absolutely loved! I had their choco-mojito and snow white (see picture). My choco-mojito consisted of chilled dark chocolate with a splash of cream mint liquor topped off with whipped cream and crushed mint candy on top in a martini glass. My snow white drink had chilled white chocolate with baileys with foam and a dust of cinnamon, also in a martini glass. Other great chocolate or tooth decay options they have are a variety of crepes that come with either fruits, chocolate, ice ream, caramel, maple syrup and more; pastries, fondues, brownies, chocolate shots, variety of ice-cream etc. Everything is made with love and the presentation of the food is very nice too. What I love about the chocolate at Juliette & Chocolat is that their chocolate is not overly sweet to the point where it gets nauseating, it's just chocolaty in a very pleasant way.Although this place is big for their chocolate, there are non-chocolate options too that I had the pleasure to enjoy. Their savoury meal options were my favourite! I love their pesto complete- buckwheat crepe stuffed with your choice of ham or turkey, your choice of pesto and egg with a side salad. Their chicken spinach with goat cheese was very good too- buckwheat crepe topped with spinach, good amount of warm goat cheese and tender strips of chicken with a side salad. Furthermore, I also had their Mexican salad which was uniquely delicious- mozzarella cheese with juicy chicken on mixed greens, served with crispy buckwheat chips and pineapple salsa.The protions are great and food was consistent, fresh and delish each time. The prices are reasonable for what you receive. It may seem a bit pricey, but you're paying for the quality. Overall, Juliette & Chocolat is an amazing restuarant! Expect everything except great service-service is very slow. My advice would be not to come here if you're in a hurry.
overrated is the word..the coffee is just meh and the food is just average don't think ill ever go back
I really hate giving negative reviews, I do but this place irked me so much I felt the need to post about.Yesterday I was in the area having lunch with my husband, daughter, and father in law. My daughter was so well behaved I decided to go get her a treat. My friend always raves about Juliette et Chocolat so I figured what a nice place to get her some chocolate.I walk in and there is a line up at the door of people waiting to be seated. I don't want to be seated, I just want to grab some brownies and various chocolates and bail. I go stand in front of the counter waiting for someone to acknowledge me. 10 minutes and NOTHING. About 5 different girls in those red hats come to the counter to grab something (menus etc) and walk away before I could even say anything. By now I've looked at their entire selection and I've tallied up an order in my head of what I'd like to get. A few bags of brownies, some chocolate with pecans, and some little truffle like chocolate. Man its going to cost me $100 to get chocolate and I just baked the day before! I decide to go wait in line and when I'm asked how many I'll just say its to go. I get in line and wait another 15 minutes. Still NOTHING. Instead of causing a scene I decide to just walk out and let Juliette et Chocolat kiss my money goodbye.I won't ever even think about going here again. If I have to wait 25 minute to NOT be served I'd rather take my money elsewhere. Also, very over priced for chocolate...
- to be fair, i only had their chocolate fondue- points for giving customers the ability to choose what type of chocolate to use (milk, dark, etc)- minus points for the fondue for just being a bowl of melted chocolate with fruit to be dipped into.
I had their hot chocolate and chocolate fruit fondue, and they are amazing. Their ingredients are always fresh, and the chocolate they use is not something you can find in the supermarket. Their crepe & ice cream is a delight.I never tried anything other than desserts there, but they do offer sandwich and wraps. The place is very cozy, however it gets quite noisy at night since it can accomodate lots of people.
Brownies galore! If you love chocolate - you'll be in heaven. If you don't love chocolate, you'll learn to!My group had brownies ($4.50-5 each, big): Balsamico, Caramel Salé, Orange+Amande. Also gianduja+lime mousse, hazenut mousse, (I think $5-6 each) and a spicy hot chocolateall was amazing, I couldn`t even pick  favourite!
Reminds me of a mini Max Brenners with a French flare. They serve anything chocolate ranging from ganaches to shakes to lava cakes. They also have an array of sweet and savory crepes. Everything appeared delicious. We ordered a whipped cream dessert with bits of brownies topped off with chocolate and salty caramel. Good stuff.
I, like any other girl can only say yes to chocolate and other sweets. I would have given a five star if it weren't for the inattentive service. I understand the place is busy but you sooner you meet all my needs, the sooner i'll leave.
This is for the chocolate-holics. Come here if you're craving sugar. The good thing is that their portions esp. for crepes are very generous so good for sharing.
This is a fantastic dessert spot for chocolate lovers. Very good choice for dates or for coffee and sweets. I wish there were more places like this.  I prefer the semi-sweet hot chocolate which is delicious.  This is a great place for groups and the seating is ample.  Keep in mind that there can be quite a line at times. There's another location on Rue St-Denis but I like this location better personally as the layout is more spacious.
While I can say that the chocolate ice cream was damn near close to the best ever and the chocolate and pecan mouse will knock your socks off...the service lacked so terribly that I can't help but give 3 stars. If you would have thrown it to the ground and passed a plastic fork...we would have still eaten it and cried in endless joy but that's not the point. It COULD have been a wonderful experience, one of the best but you screwed me Juliette. Get your chocolate coma staff a shot of espresso and a tad bit of direction and you'd have yourself a true gem.
Imagine that a brownie and a piece of dark chocolate fudge had a love child.  You will then have the mouthwatering dessert from Juliette et Chocolat that is, in my estimation, the best brownie of my life.  My husband has enjoyed equally delicious crepes.  I've found the service to be a bit lacking in the late evening (overwhelmed staff perhaps?), but the desserts here are beyond compare. This is definitely one of our favorite guilty pleasure spots in Montreal.
My husband and I went for dessert with another couple. I ordered my usual favorite fleur de sel brownie and my husband was feeling adventurous and ordered the red velvet cheesecake brownie. We were told that this was an off-menu item especially made for Valentine's Day so we were curious to try it since we are usually fond of red velvet dessert. What a big mistake! Not only did it not taste like red velvet anything, it was stale and hard! There was a clear difference in freshness between what the rest of us had ordered and this. My husband and I are not at all picky and we had never sent food back before but this was just not edible. Our friends even tasted it and agreed. Seeing that Valentine's Day was three days ago, we politely asked the waitress if this brownie was also three days old because it tasted as such. She proceeded to get her assistant manager (who by the way, had her paperwork spread out all over the table not far from us, it was like her own personal office). The assistant manager then asked us what the problem was and so my husband explained once again, very politely, that this not fresh and tasted horrible. By the look on her face you would have thought that this was her own personal recipe and she had baked it herself. She was clearly offended and kept insisting that she was very shocked because a lot of other customers had ordered it and loved it. We tried to explain to her that it just was not edible and asked her if we could change it for something else. After a lot of going back and forth, she finally offered to bring my husband another piece. We didn't see how that would help since this "new" piece would probably be from the same old batch but at this point we were so tired of arguing with her that we just agreed. Of course, the second piece tasted just as horrible as the first so my husband just left it there. What we don't understand is if you are going to give us a new piece anyway, why not give us something else that we would actually enjoy? It was as if she was purposely trying to get rid of this old batch of brownies. The worst is after all this, she retrieved back to her little office a few feet away from us to do her paperwork and never even bothered coming back to check up on us and see if this second piece was an improvement from the last one. Customer service was a big zero.
After some walking around, we stopped by for some drinks and munchies.The restaurant is big and clean; the service was good. We were seated at a table by the window on St. Laurent so we got to people watch.They serve everything chocolate - hot chocolates, alcoholic drinks, desserts, crepes & ice cream. There were 3 of us and we each wanted to order a drink and split 2 crepes. But we were told that you have to order a crepe with each alcoholic drink. I don't believe the same rule applies to non-alcoholic chocolate drinks. So we ended up splitting 2 drinks and 2 crepes amongst the 3 of us.The choco-mojito and Irish chocolate drinks were good. The choco-mojito was kinda thick though. The Irish chocolate is chocolate milk with whiskey (served warm).Their crepes are made from buckwheat; they were thin and light. We ordered a turkey pesto crepe which was delicious. We also ordered a dark chocolate/banana/strawberry crepe. They were out of strawberry so they substituted blackberries instead. The dark chocolate was really good, not too sweet. As others noted, this place is on the pricier side. Most drinks (even non-alcoholic) are above $6 dollars. You also cannot buy a drink at the counter and sit down, you must get waiter service.
Yes this place is slightly pricey. Yes it's delicious. Yes it's worth a visit. I popped in for a quick take away - chocolate milkshake and a hazzlenut chocolate bomb. I downed the milkshake, not too thick not too watery. Perfect for a hot summers day. The bomb.. was too cold and bland when I first bit into it. Luckily it was so huge and I was full from the milkshake so I put it away and ate it later than night once I was back at the hotel. Ummmmmmmmmmm delicious.Pure gold in your mouth , all nice, gooey and melt-ey. I want more! The shake , the dessert and a small coffee came up to $17. The menu looked pretty good , might dine-in the next time I'm in town. Sip, savour and enjoy a quiet little break at the cafe. I'll also try the hot chocolate next time ( I had asked for a cold hot chocolate when I got the milkshake.)
From the moment we got there, it was a disappointment one after another. We were a group of 15, but instead of being seated right away, they were debating whether to let us in or not. Finally, after waiting outside in the cold, they decided to split us up into smaller tables. Then, to our disappointment, they gave us a reduced menu, even though we saw a couple sitting next to our menu getting the full menu. I ordered a regular dark hot chocolate. It was not bad, but my expectations were a lot higher for the price I was paying. Overall, poor service, slightly pricey, and "meh" quality.
It's been a while since I was here, but everyone raves about this place!I only had the Hot Chocolate, but it was more of a semi-liquid chocolate concoction.  You have to stir it to keep it from solidifying!  The flavor was very unique and it was delicious.  The chocolate fondue left a lot to be desired though...
My balsamic brownie could have been a tad more balsamic, but sheesh- when's the last time you had a balsamic brownie?
My sister lives in Montreal and insisted that when I visited, we dine at Juliette & Chocolat. Immediately, the space is quite lovely. With brick walls, nice lighting, and some touches of white embellishments on the high ceilings, the atmosphere was very pleasing. Not to mention the display cases of assorted chocolates! Now those were enticing...We began with a shared decadent, chocolate-based beverage with an alcoholic touch of creme de menthe, served chilled in a martini glass with a dollop of peppermint-laced whipped cream. Following this delightful bevvy, we decided on sharing a crepe avec poivre, fromage de chevre, et de miel with a side of mixed greens. Once it arrived, in a very timely manner, we consumed what lay on the plate. The crepe was served at the perfect temperature for the fromage de chevre to be all melty, allowing us to spread the cheese around the crepe. Mmmm, yum! After that, we decided to try another crepe which we were also first interested in, with balsamic reduction, fromage de chevre, and roasted tomatoes. This second crepe was gone as quickly as the first! Delectable indeed.What a fantastic (first) experience at this gem of a chocolate restaurant! Definitely returning before my departure from Montreal, perhaps when we have more of a chocolate craving for a dessert dish!
Probably one of the best desserts place I have visited in my life!This restaurant looked so inviting from the outside - with its homely Christmas decorations and warm lighting ... perfect reprieve from the cold winter weather!Friend ordered (and I tried): Chocolate Profiterole - they were WOW - the puffs had chunks of hard dark chocolate amidst premiere quality vanilla ice-cream. A dense layer of thick hot chocolate coated all three profiteroles. 4 stars for the profiteroles.I ordered: The Medley which comprised an extreme brownie, vanilla ice-cream and a small flask of Grandma's Chocolate. This Medley was so melodious that I had the primitive urge to skip around the restaurant after savouring my first bite. Mind-blowing delicious. 4.5 stars for The Medley.4 stars for its cozy ambience!
Lovely spot! Bright, cheery, huge, and lively, this place is a gem. We had two crepes: sugar and a grilled banana with caramel. Both were delicious! We also had the Snow White hot chocolate and the Creole. Super tasty!!
Of the three times I've visited this place, the service has always been bad, good thing their hot chocolates are worth the pain.If you like dark chocolate, then order from their Dark Vintage selection of hot chocolates. I ordered the Guanaja, the Araguani, and the Tanzania. "Grandma's Style" is the best, uber chocolately.They're served with a small piece of chocolate too, treat after treat. (The least they can do to make up for the poor service.) If you like Milkshakes, and are hungry, these will fill you right up with creamy goodness. Its not like Fat Burger's milkshakes, but a bit more chocolatelyish, its a rich shake.As far as their crepes, they're okay, not so flavorful, kinda flimsy, that pesto goat cheese with walnuts. Eh, wouldn't come back here for that alone.  The prices aren't too high, but they aren't too low. Medium priced, for what I order its about $12 per cup. I was full after drinking my hot chocolate. I felt like I overdosed on chocolate. To be completely honest, I felt sick, but its the kind where, its so good during the process...looking at the cup of chocolate, thinking, dang, I'm drinking a ton of calories and fat, and having a great time doing it. These drinks have nice consistency to them, they go down nice. The dark chocolate drinks are SO strong, but SO flavorful. Its like magic going down the tube. I love a good cup of fancy hot chocolate.If this place weren't in Montreal, I'd be a regular, butttt the next time I find myself in that area, I'd surely return.
This place is DUMP, and I cannot understand how they stay in business! NEVER again! Horrible service, Dirty, crowded, and the food was tasteless and expensive. I had the Nicoise Salad ($20.00) hardly any toppings or tuna, served with this pathetic buckwheat pancake on top. Everything felt dirty from the glasses to the dishes. They dont take Amex like most places in Montreal and dont accept American money. NOt worth the wait, time and money!
Super variety of chocolate but watch out for long-waiting times. It's best to avoid the rush hour if you're in a big group. Great crepes, humongous ice cream portions and has a delicious raspberry 'n dark chocolate dessert. A must-go place while in Montreal!!!
Every female friend I have who has been to Montreal recommended this chocolate joint to me.  Upon arriving I didn't realize it had multiple locations, but the one on Rue Saint Laurent had a great patio and spacious seating inside.  I had a grandma's style cup of fair trade semi-sweet hot chocolate.  It was frothy, just acidic enough, and I enjoyed sipping it leisurely as though it were a lovely port or postprandial cordial.Still, the ambience, while nice, felt chain-like and I empathized with the waitstaff for having to wear red chef's hats.  I remain loyal to Burdicks in Cambridge, but am glad we stopped at Juliette et Chocolate to experience it once.
Where should I start? Maybe with the Chocolate chaud a la Grandmere which is so thick that it leaves a trail akin to that of lava. Or perhaps with the Fleur du Sel Brownies that contrast the tang and bite of sea salt with the richness of caramel and the complexity of dark chocolate.  Or maybe I should focus on the savories.  The buckwheat crepes filled with layers of spinach and Gruyere or served au complete. The salad with their twirling garnishes and chocolate inspired dressings.  Whatever you get, it will be amazing; that's why I've embarked on a mission to order every single article on the menu.  The new location is very convenient located on St. Laurent Boulevard, close to the hustle of downtown and the urban hip Plateau.  During the evening, you may have to wait over an hour to get a table; however, if you go during the day, you're likely to be seated immediately.  The service is decent, but not spectacular.  The waitress sometimes disappears and doesn't return for long lengths of time.  In order to place order, get waiter, or request the bill, you'll often have to hail someone down. However, what Juliette et Chocolate lacks in service it certainly makes up for in the menu.  They serve a variety of hot chocolates, savory buckwheat crepes and salads, sweet crepes, ice cream sundaes, brownies, and other pastries.  Last time I was there, we ordered buckwheat crepes and split a bottle of cidre brut.  The buckwheat crepes are light yet hearty, perfectly complemented by a green side salad.  Prior to that occasion, I've also had a dark chocolate-banana crepe, chocolate molten cake, more buckwheat crepes, a crepe flambé, an original brownie, an "intense" brownie, a fleur du sel brownie, and a dark hot chocolate "a la Grandmere".  All were delicious, decadent, and very rich.  Overall, I love Juliette et Chocolate.  The service is slightly frustrating, but the overall experience is amazing.  For the best value, get a brownie.  They're decently cheap (not more than you'd pay in a coffee shop), beautifully presented, and wonderfully good.
We'd walked past a few times drunk, it looked awesome but rather expensive.  After a long talk we decided before we left we had to try a few things or else our Montreal trip wouldn't be complete:  Poutine. Schwartz. Crepes.  Old Port.   After a disappointing plate of poutine at la belle province  (tip:  you must be SHIT FACED to enjoy that slop)  we decided to rebound with some chocolate.    the glossy, chic over priced look and sound of Juliette Et Chocolate fit the bill for the crepes.  and it was also next door.   We had grannies peanut butter hot chocolate.  and after asking our waitress (condescending bitch btw!) what she recommended, sided with the crepe with fruit with ice cream and chocolate.  it was like 11 bucks.   the hot chocolate was more soup/spoon worthy.  A bit too peanuty and lack luster for me and the whipped cream was just from an areosol can (whipping it your self is not that hard guys... was really disappointed.  its like a pepper shaker at a fine dining restaurant.  tacky)  Buuuuut:   the over priced crepe was delicious and really surprised us.  It was enough for the two of us no doubt.  After taxes our buttholes definitely ached something fierce, but hey, at least its a town full of attractive french people fucking you.
Guilty vacation pleasure... the hot chocolate is like nothing I've ever tasted before.. I wish there was one in the US
Ohhhh Juliette et Chocolat! What's not to love about your chocolately goodness? If you're in town you simply MUST make a stop at this Montreal institution. This particular location is nice because its so much bigger than the others throughout the city. Its really spacious with lots of tables and the line-up goes faster than others! I remember, a few years ago now, this place used to be a supper club-nightclub type place and the transformation is crazy! You now feel like you're in a quaint little bakery shop! The service is always pretty good, if non-descript. Nothing to write home about but never awful either. The real attraction is the FOOD though, my gawwd its good. I always order the Chocolat fondant or Caramel fondant--like a lava-cake with delicious filling ooozzing out with the best vanilla ice cream you've ever tasted served on the side. You might get it and think 'gee, that's pretty small,' but looks are deceiving. I'm always full after eating it--its rich but delicious! You can't go wrong either with any of the brownies. The 'fleur de sel' is particularly good (it is Quebec after all!) and pair it with a scoop of ice cream and you've got the perfect treat! If you go, you simply must have a hot chocolate. The hot chocolate is not the powered crap you buy from a grocery store--or even a coffee shop, these days--but rather legitimate chocolate melted down and mixed with hot milk. They also offer some savoury crepes and while I've personally never ordered one everyone who has tells me they're also very good. If you don't have a lot of time--but want to experience the Juliette experience--they offer all of their brownies to go and you can simply order with the hostess at the stand with the till/cash register. Go! You won't regret it!
Agree with the reviews. I am in love with the place! My friend recommended me to this place and just looking at it from the outside it gave a sense of a great quaint ambiance. Their variations of chocolate were huge. We tried the Fleur de Sel Brownie since my friend recommended it. It's basically a chunky warm chocolatey packed brownie with a salted caramel drizzled over it. It sounds overbearingly sweet right? fortunately the salted caramel was slightly salty to the point that it made the combination amazing.We also tried the fruit salad crepe which tasted devine as well. There were large amounts of fresh food and paired perfectly with drizzled white chocolate over the warm crepe. The white chocolate raspberry cheesecake was unique too. The pie crust had a distinct taste with a slight hint of salt which really pulled the cake together. Also tried the dark hot chocolate with nutella and a dark hot chocolate with vanilla ice cream. These would have been SUPER amazing on their own. But in my opinion, with our desserts it was too much chocolate overall.  Get these on their own. It's best to order regular milk with all the deserts so it can somewhat clean the palate from all the sugar but at the same time compliment the chocolate super well.
If you're looking for crepes, cross the street and head over to Cafeteria. But if you're searching for chocolate heaven, you've found it.On our weekend get-away to Montreal, we stumbled upon some of the best brownies we've ever had. Juliette et Chocolat is pure, unadulterated decadence. A favorite was the Chocolate-Caramel with extra caramel sauce for dipping or simply pour it over and yum! The brownies were so good we went back for extras to take back on our drive home. Full disclosure: Only 2 of 3 made it back home; the third didn't survive the drive back. So good!
I just LOVE this place! From the moment you walk in, you can just smell the greatness!
We would not go back. We ended up walking out. We were seated immediately and served water but no one came to check on us after that.We were right there at the wait station. No one looked our way. We had to ask for a server. We left after 25 minutes. We had reservations across the street at Maestro SVP. They know how to treat customers. We actually came back because this place had been highly recommended.This time we were seated and taking care of after we had told the hostess of our experience earlier - so the server came within a couple of minutes. We ordered the chai tea. It was excessively sweet and lacked chai.We also had a decaf cappuccino. They charge an extra $.60 for decaf.We also ordered a mint chocolate herbal tea. There was nothing special about it.Then we ordered the grandma's hot chocolate. We requested whipped cream on top of it. We were told they did not have whipped cream.  We all thought that was odd.The table in front of us had three Sundaes. They all had huge toppings of whipped cream.Our bill was 19.60Overrated and overpriced. If you want good hot chocolate go to Suite 88. They were very friendly and they even brought us four pieces of domed chocolate. Complimentary.
Sweet god, I had an amazing dessert here. The chocolate cake with a molten centre, covered in salted caramel with vanilla cream in a bowl on the side.The service was lovely.I am glad I do not live anywhere near this place, I would weigh 500 pounds.
If you are PMS-ing and need some chocolate and dessert, come here to join the other chocolate craving girls. There are lots of females in this restaurant. The crepes are not that amazing, really. The food here in general is so-so to good. It is not like 'O M G' amazing kind of thing. Like I would rather spend my calories somewhere else unless I really need my fix right away and it happens to be right in front of me as I'm walking down the street.
I have mixed feelings about this place...I just don't have the sweet tooth to appreciate it but one of my best friend always drags me here for dessert so I have grown to like this place. The creeps are good.
Creative, great quality, good service. Check it out!
So delicious! I had the galettes brettones with goat cheese, pears and honey! So good. It was truly one of the best meals I've had in Montreal. I also enjoyed a nutella hot chocolate that was just so chocolatey and decadent: topped with whipped cream and hazelnuts. I will definitely be back here the next time I am in Montreal. Love this place! The atmosphere is also very bright and sunny with lots of white furniture and fixtures and large windows overlooking St. Laurent and Prince Arthur.
I came here on the suggestion of a friend.  Clean, bright, lots of servers, chocolate heaven!  My friend and I didn't get great service either.  They forgot her order!  I don't like if you want to sit at a table you have to have wait service.  I'd rather order my drink, pay at the cash and than sit down.It was the most expensive hot chocolate I have ever purchased $6.37.  Was it good?  Yes.  Would I have known any better if it was a different kind of chocolate?  Probably not.  But anyways, it was a good experience.
My review concerns the service only, as I didnt get a chance to taste the delicious sounding spicy chocolate I was ready to order. We were seated and given menus plus water. then we waited.I do believe we were seated in a no man's land of service. a vortex that made us invisible to the waiters hurrying by us to take orders from patrons who just sat down. Or...or maybe the waiter that was assigned our table, and our table only because everyone around us was being served, had thrown his red hat on the ground and quit his job to finally become the street artist he always wanted to be?We had time to wonder because from the time we walked in, to the time we left without being served, it had been around half an hour.  And yes I know, I could have complained about the service to the floor manager, if I had found them, or just pin a waiter down and forced them to take my order but the chocolate craving had dissapeared at  that point, we just ended up at the irish pub across the street, sipping beers and munching angrily on nachos.
excellent homemade chocolate and deserts.always busy with after dinner guest.you can by the chocolates at the bar for take out if it is too busy.friendly staff
Nice place. I tried chocolate strawberry crepe, and it was good.
I am in love.I'm as much a feminist as the next person, but walking into this place and inhaling that warm chocolaty smell, I could just feel all my PMS-related bitchy-meanness melt away and my uterus and ovaries physically relax. Honey, we're home!I had the milk chocolate hot chocolate, classic style and it was fabulous. Despite the 'classic style' being more creamy/milky than the 'grandma's style,' it was pretty syrupy and chocolaty. Sweet, creamy, chocolaty... hold me.My boyfriend had the white chocolate crepe and liked it a lot. He said it was a little more white chocolate than he would have liked, purely because white chocolate is so sweet, but that yeah, he would go back and have more crepes.Minus one star because the staff weren't overly friendly. I'm not asking for a hug, a kiss and a Christmas card, but smiles would have been nice. And how could you not smile when you get to wear one of those awesome hats every day??
The only drawback to having found this lovely chocolate shop is that it's so darn expensive. I barely managed to pay for my vinaigrette brownie without wincing but damn that brownie was good. I think I ate it a week after buying it and it was still perfectly moist and fudgey.
I LOVE this place. It's so cute, kind of like a Serendipity. One of the best coffees I've ever had. I brought back the hot chocolate in a jar to give to my friends as gifts. They all loved it. I wish there were a place like this in Miami!
Honestly? Only 4 out of 5? This has to be the best place for desert in town. Yes I agree there is a wait many times but who cares? They have great service and their deserts are phenomenal. I can't get enough of their intense brownie, really only true chocolate fans can handle it.
Chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate. Especially when served in a high ball snifter makes one want to indulge even more. Excellent chocolate selection and crepes, but what turned me off was the poor service. I really don't like to wait 30 minutes after I've finished to pay my bill.
Amazing! Only reason it is not 5 stars is that it is kind of pricey for dessert, though the quality of the dessert makes the price not a bad deal. The brownies are delicious!
The service isn't always stellar, but this is the only place I've ever been to where I can't find a single thing on the menu I wouldn't like. I'm not saying that I've worked my way through it, because that would be a little absurd, but that I usually sit down and look at a menu and find at least a couple of things where I think "Did a drunk person come up with this combination?". Not so at Juliette et Chocolat. Oh, and everything I've tried at this place has been delicious. So... I'm looking forward to trying other stuff.
Great coffees and chocolate. The staff is really nice but unfortunately they are not enough to take care of rush hours. I feel bad for them because when you go there and it is less busy they take good care of their customers.
LOVE IT!! I've read the reviews regarding the poor service, but I've been lucky and have yet to encounter bad service at this place or the other locations. If you're a chocolate fiend, then this is your spot. It's a beautiful place, with a minimalist type decor and it's very clean. I go here for the "grandma style" thick, milk, hot chocolate: it's to die for!!! I've had the dark chocolate drinks as well, to which you can add spices, or fruits flavors, and the same applies: to die for!! There are lots of yummy things on the menu....such as the chocolate cake with a molten center covered in salty caramel with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side...have I said I love this place yet? Yes, it's the chocolate bomb! Their succulent products can be purchased so you can take the chocolate decadence home with you! A definite do!
I think this place has become pretty legendary in recent years, this particular location is spacious and the drinking chocolate is always a good option. The service is just whatever, but the desserts are the best in town.
Chocolate chocolate everywhere; fondu, mounds, drinks, cakes, with ice cream, brownies ...... We didn't have any.  What we did have were buckwheat crepes which were great. There are maybe a dozen varieties, mine was with chicken, spinach and goat cheeze. Totally enjoyable and unique. It's not a "stuff yourself" meal but well worth going for.
The service was great maybe a little too much chocolat for me but it wouldn't be a place where i'd go back
Very nice decor, and really great concept. I always used to see small line-ups in front of this place and the St-Denis location. I finally decided to go and take a look at the menu. I only tried two of their specialized hot chocolates, and they were bot extremely good.This is a great place to hand out.
I lived a few month in Montreal 2 years ago and i discovered this place... One thing, if you love crepes and chocolate... YOU HAVE TO GO !!! I could eat 2 or 3 of these things, they are so good. It's not cheap but definitely worth it ! Still have the business card in my wallet just in case  ;)
For a place with chocolate in the name, it certainly delivered in quality.  We sample the fondue, some crepes, hot chocolate, and the star of the evening, a brownie with salt caramel sauce.  Truly memorable for a chocolate lover.
this is what i had expected and was actually forewarned-- expensive andtoo expensive, but delicious nonetheless. coming from nyc and chicago, i know what lure chocolate has for any establishment that does it well.  you get flavorful and yes, i will use the word "rich" once more with everyone else who already reviewed. hot chocolate---the taste and the texture are specifically complex, delicious, and of quality. if your pocket can stretch the way mine cannot so much of the time, it's good to try at least once. do not count on stellar service as in my case(s) it was spotty and inattentive.
We really enjoyed Juliette et Chocolat.  While it is not obvious when you read the name, this restaurant also has fantastic main course options.  I thoroughly enjoyed my ham, egg, cheese, and spinach crepe.  I also don't think anyone can beat the brownies!
Great Chocolate, great fondue. Fantastic experience there. I had so much fun. Thank you.
My first two experiences here have warranted a 5-star review, but my last visit brought down my rating to a 3.The good:The food is really good; I love chocolate and this is the perfect place for dessert or a date. Everything I've had here has been really delicious and they have cool combinations.The bad:The service is unbelievably slow, and they are understaffed when it comes to busy nights. The St Laurent location is REALLY loud and even more understaffed than the one on St Denis. But the real disappointment was coming here after dinner and hoping for a drink (most are above $9 and made of rich chocolate with a bit of alcohol). We were told (after waiting 20minutes for our waitress and taking all of that time to decide) that their liquor license only allowed alcohol to be served if the person that was ordering it got a "meal" - salad, sandwich, or crepe. I'm sorry - it is 11pm on a Friday and we're coming for dessert - why would I want to order a $10 chocolate and Bailey's with a SALAD? We were very disappointed that this rule was not mentioned anywhere on the menu or on signs and that we had never had a problem with this before during our previous visits. We were told only upon ordering by our (rude) waitress and had to pick something else on the spot.Basically, if you have this type of liquor license (which is ludicrous for this type of place) then notify your customers or else they will leave feeling sour, which no one should do after having dessert!
First place I wandered into in Montreal looking for a late dinner; the savory crepes are definitely not the stars of the menu- the milkshakes and sundaes looked the best!
Great place to chill and to eat good chocolate.
I think not.... I went a few weeks ago, ordered a hot chocolate..they brought the order about 15 minutes later, and it was warm, almost cold...I ask the waitress to replace it since I had ordered HOT chocolate and she took it back, stuck it in the microwave...and voila..."hot" chocolate...never, ever again....
More of a 3.5. An endless menu of delicious chocolate-related confections of relatively good quality. A little on the pricey side though.
You can also eat some crepes sweet or salt. I recommended you the chocolat fountain, so delicious !
I ordered a hot chocolate with a scoop of ice cream, but rather than getting a hot chocolate, I got a cold chocolate. Yes, the ice cream would have cooled it down, but the hot chocolate should still be hot! It's like the hot chocolate was just sitting around before they added the ice cream and served it. The chocolate flavour was also not very good. Tasted like cheap chocolate. Skip this place.
On my trip to Montreal, this bubble tea shop has made it to the top of my list for bubble tea and a large memory for my trip(my mother I have both found an addiction for bubble tea, so we try many bubble tea places everywhere we go). They have tons great things that have attracted me to them. First off, their variety of flavors of teas and their variety of toppings are more than I've ever seen before. My mother purchased the jasmine milk tea with boba and I purchased the Thai milk tea with boba(I got that flavor 4 times in a week). The flavor was outstanding and the boba had a perfect texture. The employees were extremely kind and patient with orders. Everything about chatime impressed me, from the quality of their drink to the style of their shop. Their shop is extremely modern with plenty of seats for teenagers to sit and mingle. A fantastic place for me to keep in mind for next timeI visit. The only downside? They don't have enough shops in New York.
We visited chatime as we are fan of bubble tea, lots of variety - everyone can find something to drink with no disappointments. the quality of the drinks were beyond our expectations, the only downside is very small order counter so creates a jam while the ones who ordered before us are still waiting for their bubble tea, and the line up is in the staircase, they should have a bigger order counter and manage the line up differently, for the rest they should keep up the good work :)
Really awesome bubble tea!! I found out about this place reading MTL blog.. Kuddos to them !! They prepare it on the spot and its sealed really well so you dont have to worry about spills in the car or taking it out !! The service was great but one of the girls working there gave me really dirty looks and was not very happy about it.. The girl serving me was very patient and sweet but the one preparing was really not friendly.. Anyways.. Thats why i give it 4stars :p
As in almost all the places in montreal, it's very hard to find parking close to this place, inside is tiny, no place to sit or even try to get in there is imposible.Their drinks are ok, nothing special about it, but if what you are looking for is the Boba in your drink this is the right place.
Chatime is quickly becoming very popular spot for people who indulge in the artful drink called bubble tea or boba tea. For those that are not so sure what this is check out the description on Wikipedia. Bubble Tea for Asians is a kind of dessert refreshment or similar to Starbucks (except this is tea not coffee and most drinks are cold) where people come for their refreshment of choice.  I've had Chatime in Toronto and I'd concur it's the most consistently excellent boba you can find at a reasonable price.  Also you can customize the level of sugar and ice which is awesome!  Selection is huge and you can go for regular size (around 450ml) or large size (700 ml).    On my visit I went for a L Pearl Milk tea 80% sugar 80% ice with bubbles.  It was just perfect to my liking. creamy with some nice chewiness of the bubbles. Lineups here on my visit was not as long as it is in Toronto (where it's ridiculous) and the place has free wifi and tables for people to lounge and enjoy their BT. The place is packed with students (my guess Concordia and Mcgill) enjoying their teas.  If I lived closer to here I'd here here weekly to every other week. I noticed they do deliver if you have more than 5 drinks within 3.5KM radius.  Pretty cool if you are lazy and/or having friends over.
Perfect to go with friends, alone or with a date! Honestly i go there almost everyday!  The staff is so nice and eventually remembers my order because i always take the same haha~ on their 2years aniversary they gave some free drinks and merchandise such as reusable cups wich i use all the time and when i bring it to the store the other custumers are super jealous!
I've been to all chatime in Montreal, so far St-Catherine is the best. Tastefull, good service and I can collect for the stamp :D My all time favorite "pearl milk tea, 30% ice & sugar"
It was my first time trying chatime. Just to be safe, I ordered the milk taro bubble tea... There was chunks in my drink that I never had in my drink and taste was unfamiliar to me. I don't think I'll ever go back.
Great bubble tea place in downtown Sainte Catherine. The drinks are refreshing and you can customize the level of sweetness in your drink.
Chatime has one of the best bubble teas in North America. I first had their bubble teas in Toronto and immediately loved it.The good:- Great tasting and authentic bubble teas. - Great variety of bubble teas. - Many ways of customizing your tea, such as choosing warm vs. cold, amount of ice, amount of sugar, etc.- Reward card gives you a free tea after 9 purchases. The not-so-good:- The store itself has few seats and is not well decorated or suited for sitting down and enjoying your tea. - Staff service is average at best. - Teas are on the pricier side (5-7$). Bottom line:I highly recommend this place for bubble tea enthusiasts, although the products are slightly on the pricier side (5$+). Suggest you order to go as there isn't much space to sit and chat.EDIT: Grammar and spelling.
Everything they have are overly sweet, like sugar is free.....And there is always a long long long line-up. Don't understand why people would have their bubble tea here instead of nos the....
My friends and I tried this place because of good reviews, but we were thoroughly disappointed! We called in for delivery and ordered four drinks in total. The lady on the phone said that if we ordered a fifth drink, the delivery fee would be waived, so we said why not, and ordered one more. She read back our order, and then said it would take about 20 to 30 minutes, so we waited.AN HOUR LATER, the delivery boy shows up and hands us our drinks. They only take cash, so I asked him if he had change. He seemed really confused and didn't seem to understand me until I had said it five times. Finally he understood I needed change, but he still seemed really confused and just pulled random amounts out of his wallet, even though I told him repeatedly I needed 10. He finally handed me the correct amount, and I thanked him, and he walked away with the most perplexed look on his face.First thing I noticed was that none of the drinks were labeled, so it was up to us to figure out the flavours from the colour, which was unfortunately all super similar. When we sorted out the drinks, we began to realize that they had messed up our order-- they had mixed up some of the drinks! Kind of irritating since we waited so long for our orders. We decided to drink them anyway, but we discovered that the pearls were incredibly undercooked... not fun biting into something gelatinous on the outside and hard and chalky on the inside!To make this all better, I checked the receipt and realized that they had charged us delivery anyways!! I called them, and asked them about the drinks and delivery charge, and their response was just that they were busy and five drinks was a lot so of course mistakes happen. I don't know, this was a little shady to me... Super unimpressed! :
Me and my boyfriend have been looking for a good bubble tea restaurant and we have been to plenty places but none prevailed. I stumbled across this one since we were craving and Ilove it!!! I had the regular milk tea and he had the taro. For most of the vacation i was looking for a real fruit or authentic bubble tea place and the ones I have been to are only powder...yuck. I would highly recommend this place!! it has a cute cafe feel, but not many tables to sit at. It's mostly like a grab and go cafe. It's in downtown so parking is fairly hard to find. They have a website that has some of the choices as well.
Yes everyone, a new bubble tea place has arrived to Montreal! This time, it's a well-known one because apparently it's all over the world! I was extremely excited to try this place because they had a grand opening special where it was buy one, get second one free. I came back on Monday with a friend and decided to test out their bubble tea by ordering the classic original milk black tea. Personally I find if a bubble tea cafe can make a classic well, they can make other bubble teas well too. The verdict? Pretty darn good milk black tea. It was the perfect balance between bitter and sweet. In fact Chatime offers you the choice of how much percentage of sugar you want and ice too. For example you can order 30% sugar or 30% ice meaning it's the lowest amount of ice and sugar. I think it's pretty cool they have this option.Now, I was so excited about this place that I went a second time and ordered something different. I had the Matcha Red Bean smoothie with 80& sugar, holy holy it was good. I loved that it was perfectly not too overly sweet and I could taste the red bean and matcha. There wasn't too much ice nor was it diluted.My only complaint about Chatime is their space. I believe it used to be a clothing store and so the spacing is odd. It feels empty and I don't really feel like going there to sit and study, or just sit there for awhile in general. The design lacks a bit interior wise.Other than that, must try their bubble teas if you are in the Guy downtown area.
Huge selection. Up to par with other stores in Toronto. Bubble tea is tasty and authentic. I love having the option of choosing the amount of sugar and ice you want. Decor is not so great - hard to find seats. The price is quite high in comparison to some other bubble tea places, but the quality is clearly different.
Chatime is one of those few bubble tea chain stores in Montreal that has a variety of milk tea, smoothies and whatnot. The place is pretty cozy, although fairly small so bringing a huge group of friends to hang out may be a problem. Only problem is that their drinks can be very inconsistent (from bland to overly sweet) and honestly, I can just go to Nos Thes for better drinks which is on the other corner of the street. Gave an extra star cus of decent service
Had the Matcha Red Bean Milk Tea was very nice, I recommend having it with 50% sugar since the red beans are quite sweet. Staff were polite and didn't have to wait too long for my drink!
Overpriced for bubbletea (especially for those that been to Asia $5 vs $1). But, the quality is significantly better than other places. I also like how I can customize the amount the ice and sugar in each drink. Recommended for the hardcore fans or for special occasions/discount events. Not recommended as a study spot as the tables are small and limited. In some ways, it is the Starbucks of bubbletea without the nice in store mood.
THIS IS THE BEST BUBBLE TEA IN THE CITY!! I love it so much I filled up fidelity card in less than 2 weeks. Every single flavor I have tried has been delicious (chocolate, red bean, matcha, Taro, oolong), but the BEST is the banana milk tea! It was HEAVEN.
This is a review for mostly the service, but the drinks are still not up to the standards of what you'd expect from such a well known franchise. It's popular in Montreal mostly because it's the only place to get a quick bubble tea. The cashier lady is rude and her attitude just makes me never want to spend 5 bucks on their drink ever again. First of all i asked for 1/3 sugar, and she rudely told me "no we don't do that only 20th", to which i said fine. Even though i found it odd since all Taiwanese chain stores do 1/3, 1/2, 4/5, and 5/5 sugar. I know because I've lived in Taiwan most of my life and I've asked for the same drink at almost all bubble tea stores in Canada and USA. When I received my drink it wasn't 1/5 sugar instead it was 120% sugar! I went to the guy making the drink to notify that they made a mistake and their first reaction was..."it's not our fault you must have done something wrong." I told them I asked the lady first for 1/3, but she said they didn't have that only 1/5. She heard me and she retorted "I did not tell you that, i said 120th and we only do 1/3 sugar not 1/5". Um...if i wanted 1/3 and not full sugar why the hell would i want 120% sugar. anyways i was just not pleased with the experience and will never go back to purchase overpriced bubble tea again.
Best BBT in town!!! Real fruits and stuff.
Although a bit pricier, this is one of the best bubble teas I've had in the city. You get what you pay for and you'll get an amazing bubble tea at this place. I recommend to take it to go. The actual restaurant is not very inviting to actually sit inside.
I love the fact that the bubble teas are customizable in terms of sugar and ice content. I love that I can have my tea with 0% or 30% sugar and no ice! If only starbucks had that option too!!
Wow Chatime is just popping up everywhere. Wandering around Montreal and wanted some bubble tea so decided to get some at Chatime. There was a long wait in front of me and then a few minutes in a long line after me as well. Took about 10-15 minutes to complete the order. Always get the original with tapioca. The tapioca here were tasteless and not sweetened which was disappointing. But it was still perfectly chewy. The milk tea is good. Location was also perfect, right by Metro station Guy Concordia. I'm glad there's good bubble tea joint here just wish the line wasn't so long and tapioca would be sweetened.
My brother in law is obsessed with Chatime. He lives next to Chatime in Toronto, he drinks it daily, he's crazy like that. So when he came back for the holidays, he was excited to find out that there's a Chatime in Montreal. The space is nice and clean, the service is great, their menu options are crazy. I like that you can customize your drinks, 30%, 80% sugar, ice, no ice etc. the matcha red bean, red bean and taro are awesome, their bubbles are yummy, not too sweet. A great franchise indeed.
If you like bubble tea your gonna love this place! Now with that said let me say this tea house has some "very Asian" (for lack of a better phrase) style teas. Some things you won't find at the average bubble tea place. Inside is very small room for about 2-3 people to stand/ wait outside for your drink.
Their prices are so expensive for bubble tea and then they add so much ice! It's a rip off for sure.
Probably the best bubble tea in Montreal in terms of taste. But service time is extremely slow and line is long. I guess the good taste is worth the wait.
We have tried green milk tea with red bean and pearls.  Good flavor, and chewy pearls, but way too sweet.  Ask for reduced sugar if you prefer lighter version.
A fresh-from-the-oven sesame bagel merits a spot on the bucket list.Dropped by St-Viateur early during February 2016's insultingly cold weekend for a hot bagel.  From the wood-burning oven to the mouth in five minutes flat, these bagels truly benefit from freshness.  Versus Fairmount, it seems that these guys more frequently deliver goods hot, thereby earning my nod.Would stick to sesame or plain over more strongly topped options in order to not mask the delicate sweetness unique to the bagel flesh.Cash only, but accepts USD with a crude exchange rate offered in CAD.  This is fairer than at Fairmount, which in comparison accepts USD at 1:1, which is too bad given the 0.72 conversion.
St-Viateur Bagel was founded by Myer Lewkowicz, who learned all about bagels at the Montreal Bagel Company.  This led him to open up his own bagelry back in '57.   Sesame, poppy, plain, 'all dressed,' whole wheat, rosemary and sea salt, multi-grain, cinnamon and raisin, and flax bagels are offered.  There is also a fridge with drinks, spreads, and yogurt.  Due to the popularity of the sesame bagel, I got one, without any spread this time.  It was super hot and crispy, and much better compared to the other bagelry around the corner.  This bagel had a light crisp exterior, covered generously with the sesame seeds, and had slightly more of a taste.  It was still more on the bland side, however, so it would have been great with a thick, saltier slab of cream cheese!  Staff were friendly, and it was neat to see the staff rolling, kneading, and taking the bagels out of the big brick oven.+hot, freshly-baked sesame bagels
Had to stop here on our visit to Montreal. Fresh out of the oven, their sesame bagels are to die for. We got a few other flavors that weren't as fresh, and while still good, just didn't blow me away. Be prepared: cash only, you order from a stand at the front, and there's nowhere to sit down to eat.
Montreal style bagels, unlike their boiled New York brethren, are cooked in a wood oven giving them a crispy char on the outside, while keeping their insides chewy. I was not a fan of them the first time I tried them, but after visiting what may be the epitome of Montreal bagels at St-Viateur, I am converted. The bagels are made in a giant oven inside the shop, rotated on an enormous wooden plank which makes for a good show while you wait for your order. They are cash only, but have an ATM inside. They also don't do toppings for individual bagels, but sell tubs of flavored cream cheeses inside. It's best to grab a half dozen or more and save them up. The everything bagel was delicious with a great balance of crisp and chew, as well as salty and sharp from the ingredients. Service was a bit gruff, but mostly in line with a New York bagel joint.
St Viateur Bagel definitely takes the cream of the crop as the better Montreal bagel for me at least. What I love about this location is it is an actual cafe where you can sit down and get service. I do not know, but there's something about that that is very appealing compared to a grab-and-go kind of place. I got a sesame bagel with cream cheese, which was simple, but oh so delicious. BAGEL: Sesame, toasted, cream cheese, something so simple and the French Canadians have got it right here. Yes, different than your New York style bagel, here it is served beautifully in small wedges on a plate. I wish I had brought half a dozen back with me to New York, but sadly, I did not. I found it to be toasted to perfection, lightly seasoned with sesame, and then the cream cheese was perfect. SERVICE: Good! Attentive, coffee was presented immediately, and seamless throughout. If only bagels were as popular in California as they are here, but until next time Montreal!
I don't even like bagels, but in true tourist fashion I just ~had~ to experience a Montreal bagel and all signs pointed to St-Viateur.First off, I saw a yelp photo of a different menu than what they had in the storefront. This menu had breakfast sandwiches galore. So I made it a point to come here for breakfast. When I arrived there was a short line that moved pretty quickly. While I'm standing in line I see their bagel options but no...sandwich options. So I get to the front and ask what's up. Teenie bopper at the counter says they don't make sandwiches as if that's the craziest thing he's ever heard someone ask. So I opted for a rosemary bagel, paid (CASH ONLY) then realized I have to buy cream cheese, jelly, butter separately. Which they ~conveniently~ sell.At this point, I'm over it and think "well if it's that good then it doesn't need a thing". Wrong. It wasn't one of the freshly baked ones and even if it was it wouldn't have made a difference. It was chewy, incredibly bland and cold. I had two bites and was over it immediately.Nice wall of mentions though ::sarcasm::
Best place for bagels ever. Plus it's open for 24 hours so whenever you want a midnight snack, they're open.
The texture is light and chewy, it's definitely not like any bagel I've had in USA!Totally worth trying if you get the chance.
Incroyable!  I had a sesame bagel here, fresh from the oven, and it was like a mix of a New York bagel and, I want to say... a croissant?  As a standalone savory pastry, this thing worked.  It was good with a schmear* but also equally good on its own, and on a par with the finest of NY bagels, but different: much smaller (50-75% the size), with a crust as crispy but with less pull, and more fluffy inside than chewy.St-Viateur has a big fridge with spreads and juice, but they don't do sandwiches.  They sell bagels plain and whole and the rest is up to you.  They have stacks and stacks of flour, a big oven, and large bagel bins with your options--sesame, poppy, a few others.  No onion, alas, which would've qualified for a minus point if not for how good the bagels I had were.  As for famed bagel rivalries... I enjoyed the bagels here more than the ones I got at Fairmount, the other famous Montreal bageleers.  In fairness to Fairmount, though, the 1st bagel I had from them was not perfectly oven-fresh, whereas the 1st I had at St-Viateur was.  And I noticed the St-Viateur bagels I'd bought tasted significantly more plain later in the day, after time had a chance to de-awesome-ify them.  My suspicion, then, is that the two places are about equivalent.* Try their salty salmon paste, it's like spreadable lox.  Unfortunately it only comes in a container that you'd be hard-pressed to finish in one sitting, unless there's a group of you.
Cute place. Menu looks good but only went for drinks. Kind of spendy! I had a glass of champagne that ran me $16! Eek!
Best bagels. Better than new york bagels and i lived there for a few years. Chewy, thinner bagels, good crust. The best....plus they're cheap.
OK seriously, how is it that I haven't reviewed St. V before now? Location: On. St. Viateur west, corner Parc. Street parking is available [metered]. There are a few subway stops but I'd be hard pressed to tell you which one is the closest. You can likely hop off at Parc [blue] then grab a bus up, unless like me, you like to walk. In this case, I'd get off at Laurier [orange] and it'll be about 10-15 minutes away. The place: Small - because its purpose is to make me fresh, hot bagels daily, so that I can literally walk in, grab one or 6 or 12, and walk out. The goods: Hmm let me think.... despite the debate about who makes the better bagel - St. Viateur or Fairmount, the answer is obvious: St. Viateur. In terms of taste, flavour variety and level of chewiness, these guys are hands down, my favourite. I love that I can walk in and get a bagel fresh out of the oven - whether I'm just grabbing one on-the-go or picking up a dozen, they're almost always piping hot. Service: Good - i like to joke with the bagel masters and they're always accomodating!Price point: I usually grab one on the go and that'll run you a whopping .85 cents.
Do I even like Montreal style bagels? I'm seriously on the fence. But either way, at least I tried bagels from one of the more famous shops. I know, I know. It's not fair to compare bagels from different regions. But I can objectively say that St. Viateur bagels are sweet and totally bland. Had to add salt to my sesame bagel because it tasted like cardboard. It toasted up real well and went good with cream cheese though. And they're open 24 hours, so that's always good.
I don't know when my parents started feeding me bagels, but I've been a St-Viateur fanboy since then. Place is open 24 hrs a day and you can always get them fresh out of the oven. Absolutely love eating them in that state (so chewy w/ a hint of sweetness)... even while in a cab heading back home. In my younger years, they were a perfect 3am hangover snack. As I've proceeded to a more quiet life, I've discovered that they work just as well as an afternoon snack... a quick dinner substitute (w/ lox)... or just about anything else.These bagels lose a bit of their glory after a day or so - though they still beat any grocery store offerings even in their "weakest" state.I refuse to frequent Fairmount bagel. Tried it once and was unimpressed.
NPS = 8What a delightful place!Many say this place's competitor has better bagels, but that place doesn't even deserve to mentioned alongside St Viateurs!We went to both bagel places while in Montreal and St. Viateurs is the clear winner.The customer service is top notch.  The gentlemen at the counter helped us out and even gave us an awesome cream cheese spread to try made here in Canada (we almost bought the Philadelphia stuff just from brand recognition).The bagel with all the fixings is the best.  Try a little cream cheese (it tastes a little more like sour cream than the U.S. version) and some smoked salmon on it.  Delish.The black cherry cola (by Stewart's) is not to be missed. The bagels are cheap ($0.80 per bagel) and this is definitely a place to get them to go.There is nowhere to sit but there is a table where you can make yourself a quick sándwich and head out.The chocolate strudel is amazing as well.  Definitely a must see while in Montreal.
Maybe because I am infatuated with my hometown NYC bagel maybe I am biased when I say I wasn't that impressed by this Montreal staple.  This bagel is a smaller thinner version of the bagel.  We bought a bunch with the traditional sesame toping.  In addition, when we asked for bagels from the oven it appeared they gave us bagels form the bottom of the basket.  You can try to take the New Yorker out of New York but I am not sure you can change his bagel preference.
I was in the area and going for a walk. I stopped here and I am glad I did. Totally worth it. I think it's a big plus that this bagel shop is 24hrs: craving for bagels? Fresh yummy bagels? Hit this place!
Living in the Tri-State area, I've had my fair share of great bagels from New York and New Jersey. So I just had to go try the famous Montreal bagels. After doing some sightseeing with my family, I just had to drag them here even in the middle of the afternoon. And I am so glad I did. As you walk into the place, you are greeted by the amazing smell of bagels being cooked in the wood oven and you can see the whole process of them making the bagels from scratch. I only opted to get a whole bunch of the sesame bagels this time around. I got to our car and immediately took a bite out of the still piping hot bagel sans cream cheese. It was amazing as-is. The sesame bagel is crunchy outside, soft & chewy inside, has sweet honey flavor and nuttiness from the sesame seeds. If I wasn't already full, I could've inhaled another one. To date, this has to be the best bagel that I've ever had. I give this place 4.5 stars. They lose half a star since I can definitely attest (like some of the other reviewers here) to the fact that if you don't get to eat it fresh out of the oven, the inside of the bagel is a little harder and was not as soft and chewy. But honestly, you would be hard-pressed to get that soft chewy interior with any day old bagels and would definitely be the case here especially with the thinner/smaller size bagel (compared to NY-style bagels). When I did heat it up in a toaster oven, it was still quite good.I can't believe this place is open 24 hours too! Definitely come visit and try it. And bring cash. You will not be disappointed. I'll definitely be back.
These guys have great bagels !! We wanted to eat a bagel at the location but it seemed their shop at St Viateur Ouest didnt't have a café to eat in at. We got referred to their location at Mont Royal and the guy gave us 2 bagels to eat for during our trip towards there. Really nice of him !! When we got there the bagels were really good !! Definately a place I would recommend everyone going to !!!
I suppose I should start this review by stating I'm from New York City, and I've had my fair share of epic bagels. After hearing so much about "Montreal bagels" stopping here was a must. Once I got here I realized I could ONLY buy bagels. By that I mean, no bacon egg and cheese on a bagel, heck no cream cheese on a bagel. Luckily, we could buy a container of Philadelphia cream cheese with our dozen of bagels. We decided to go with "all dressed" bagels since it was the closest to the everything bagel. I must say, this everything bagel desperately needed salt! That was the main negative I had with this bagel. It had the doughy texture of a pretzel, but lacked the salt. Personally, I'll stick to my NY bagels where I can get a BEC!
Montreal bagels were mentioned on almost every foodie guidebook, and since I'm not really biased toward one region for bagels (I'm looking at you, NY'kers), I thought I'd give it a shot. I was very impressed to note that upon entering this establishment, the bagels weren't just being displayed on a well lit basket, with colored papers to disguise their age since their morning creation, but actively being made fresh in front of you, and available piping hot from the oven. I tried the poppy seed bagel, hot off the oven, and it nearly burned my mouth, but it was the first time I've ever had a freshly made bagel. The outer edge is very crispy, and the inner dough is moist, but still a bit dense. There was limited poppy coverage, and despite all of the fad (and after comparing it with the Fairmount Bagels), I think it's good, but not the best that Montreal has to offer.That being said, this was still a great bagel and in my opinion, definitely worth visiting and deciding for yourself which bagel company rules supreme.
Nothing in your life will prepare you for this moment. Every preconception of a bagel will go out of the window. It's softer, sweeter, doughier (is that a word?) and much fluffier & lighter than any bagel you've ever had. Someone said it's like a cake bagel? Ehhh, it's obviously not going to be as fluffy as cake though.They don't care that tourists gape at the large wood oven and the little factory system they have going on right next to the cashier - one staff member even gave me a wave for my picture. They also don't care that there is no where to sit. Next to their wall of newspaper clippings is an ATM and a table sans chaises (chairs).Because when there is good food, there will be people. No frills. Just good bagels.Notes:- They're known for their poppy and sesame bagels! - After a TON of research, I chose to visit St. Viateur over Fairmount (due to time restraints). Even though Fairmount is the original Montreal bagel shop from 1919, and one of its employees had left to open St. Viateur in 1957, I felt that St. Viateur edged out on top of Fairmount in reviews.- Absolutely loved the hipster + Hasidic Jews neighborhood it's in.- Rumors say that the recipe for Montreal bagels was from Russia or Ukraine!- They're open 24 hours!!!
St-Viateur Bagel needs no introduction, if you know anything about food and Montreal. These are the BEST bagels in the whole wide world. One of the things I miss most about Montreal (another being Bixi).St-Viateur is open 24/7 so if your in town, it's a must visit. This place is where magic happens. Bring CASH! Watch the bagel wizards work their magic.  Everything is made from scratch and something I like to call bagel love.Lucky for me, I got a special delivery of 4 dozen bagel straight from the source. I can't begin to explain how good they SMELLED. I wanted to devour a dozen straight up (yes, I've been craving Montreal bagels in case you were wondering). Anyways, enough chat, this is what my special bagel package consisted of:- Sesame bagels ($7.75 for a dozen) - original is da best.- All dressed ($9.60 for a dozen)- Multi-grain ($9.60 for a dozen)- Cinnamon raisin ($9.60 for a dozen)Pro bagel tip - make sure to slice the bagels in half before you store them in your freezer. Then you are good to go! Hope these last me longer than a week. CASH only!
I came in to see a neat line of cheerful customers. Now the glow on their faces say a little bit about the bagels before I even saw what they look like and before I even had a bite.As I was waiting on line, I got to watch a really handsome and toned man jerking off to some music while pounding the dough. They didn't need no television to reduce my impatience!Now this place is very different from what I am accustomed to since I'm a tourist from New York.They only make the bagels -- no cream cheese, no ham, no BLT, nothing. But you can buy the ingredients straight from the deli and assemble it on your own.The bagels were very thin in comparison to the big and bumpy New York style bagels. The outer edge is crispy, having come fresh out of the oven, but the onside is very moist and chewy, which I absolutely loved. There's a huge hole in the middle, so there wasn't much dough in it. I, myself, had to get three to eat before I was full. I got two Poppy and one sesame.
One word: WOW!Two words: tasty bagels.We walked and walked early in the morn to get to this Montreal bagel institution - highly recommended to us by the locals.  When we got there we had to wait in a short line, but the bagels were served so quickly we hardly had to wait.Everywhere you looked there were bagels, except for when there were people eating bagels and making bagels - there was also a fridge with cream cheeses and other bagel accessories.This brings us to my next point.  We asked if they made sandwiches for us, and they said they would not.  Fair enough.  There was about 6 or 7 varieties of bagel but my tastebuds stopped on the first flavour - sesame seed.  My partner and I both ordered this classic variety.  I knew it had to be sesame because that's what the person told us to get.The ladies that worked there were of the older variety, FYI.  They clearly had lots of experience and knowledge about the craft of bagel making and the application of sesame seeds to such doughy sculptures.  80 cents later, I had that precious bagel in my hand.  I could feel the warmth in my hands through the bag - this bagel was fresh!  My partner and I took 2 packages of Philadelphia cream cheese each to dress up our new bagels.  However, I think the nice lady at the cash only charged us for 2 instead of 4.  We didn't tell her and are still experiencing the karmic retributions of our actions that day... Just yesterday I noticed my own cream cheese is looking a little on the mouldy side.  Could this be connected to the 2 cream cheeses that my partner stole?  Something tells me that it is directly connected.Anyhow, she also gave us a plastic knife to cut our bagels in half and apply the cream cheese.  Thanks!We ended up sitting on a bench not too far from the bagel shop, getting sesame seeds all over our pants and the floor beneath us.  I guess the adhesive isn't the strongest, but we didn't mind.  It was like confetti for people who don't like rainbows.I ended up getting a text message while I was eating the bagel, but didn't think twice to check it because I was so involved in my eating of the delicious bagel.  Turns out it was just my mom, anyways.The bagels were wonderful.  Tasty without being toasted!  And could have been great without any added condiments, too.  My partner didn't cut his in half, he just dipped it into the cream cheese.  I thought it was kind of weird but quirky - that's why I love him.  I fell a little more in love with him that day.Overall we had a great experience (and are sorry for not speaking up about the 2 extra cream cheese packets).  We would like to try the eat-in restaurant version of this establishment next time we are in the city.  Thanks for the laughs!
Huge breakfast - keep you energized all morning. Our custom is to fill one suitcase with bagels when returning to our home in the USA. It is that good.
The best bagel I ever ate. I did not think I liked bagels. I LOVE bagels. Better than NYC bagels, Oivey.  We went in for 2 came out with a half dozen plus 2. I think he threw in 2 extra just to be nice. We had planned to do the Lox and C cheese thing but they were SO GOOD we just gobbled em down plain and warm. Almost blew up Vicki cause she is borderline gluten intolerant but she could not stop eating em. We had the very covered with sesimee seeds model very flavorful and the wood fire defiantly adds.
I wish I lived in Montreal so that I could become a regular here. The bagels are supreme! In concurrence with a lot of the reviews on here: the sesame bagel is astounding! Possibly life changing!The overwhelming smell emanating from the building immediately threw me into a food trance breaking me out of my inner grumblings about the salty, dirty snow banks I had to summit and the ice rink sidewalks I had to skate over in order to find this local gem. Upon entry I noticed the bagel conveyor belt dumping hot bagels out of the oven and into public view. I felt instantly justified in my trance as if this strange mechanical display of bagel making was a testament to the possibility that I was about to embark on a brief adventure into some of the best bagels I've ever had. My intuition was correct: these are the best bagels I've ever had... For me, a trip to Montreal from L.A. just for a St. Viateur bagel is well worth it! Forget Patrick Roy, celebrate Montreal through its rich colonial history, Moshe Safdie, Buckminster Fuller, Quebec's astounding cultural independence, and St. Viateur's bagels! I can't wait to return!
Simple bagel shop, come in, get a bagel, get out.  Guy was nice, kept my friend from a bad bagel decision. When he heard we were from Alabama, said "Forest Gump, Forest Gump"!  Hot bagel is the way to go.  Salmon spread was cheap yet effective.  4 out of 5 bagels.
The best bagels in the world!  Also, they ship to you if you can't come to them. Whenever I am in Montreal I have to stop by. Otherwise, I have them shipped to Toronto!  These bagels are GOOOOD!
There are no other bagels like these. Fresh out of the stone hearth, a taste of heaven, eat them hot, just after buying them.
Very tasty fresh soft bagels!!! Love the fast service! Got my dozen in 2minutes!! However, I wasn't pleased with the employees. They didn't seem so friendly or welcoming! Despite it all, I'll definitely come back for more ! Im surprised i never really went out of my way to get some. I guess it's really far from where I reside.
The bagels here are so delicious and fresh! Even the next day, the bagels were still delicious! I recommend the salmon spread that they have in the fridge! Definitely worth a try if you're in Montreal! The shop was quite busy, and by the time we had left, there was a line up right to the door. Staff was friendly and quick to serve. She gave us plastic knives to take for the road so we could enjoy them later. Yum!
3.5 stars (rounded up): Here's another New Yorker's perspective. Came in the early afternoon which still had a steady flowing line at that time. I was a bit disappointed to not see an Everything bagel available, so we settled on a Cinnamon Raisin and Sesame. The number of  flavors are slightly lacking, but they have all the basics covered. Overall I'll say their bagels are thinner and aren't as thick and fluffy as I'm used to. If you love bagels, you could probably eat at least 2-3 in one sitting, but the ones here don't quite have that addictive quality, maybe its a timing thing and better off fresh in the AM?  Nevertheless, this place still warrants a tourist visit to draw comparisons or experience a Montreal style bagel, hand-rolled and wood fired.
For quite some time I believed Fairmont bagel to be my only bagel shop in Montreal.  Boy.....I was wrong.  Sure Fairmont has the longer history and more selection of flavours, but St. Viateur is the real deal folks!  tucked in an area of the Plateau between Avenue de Parc and St Laurent the neighbourhood and local character is just as cool as the bagel shop.  On this day I chose to test out the whole wheat and cinnamon raisin.  The first thing I noticed were these were larger in size and style was very similar to Fairmont.  I was happy to see that they had Rye bread for sale also!  Coming from the prairies, finding good Rye bread is very difficult to come by in Montreal!!  This morning tasting both of the bagels I can attest the quality is awesome doughy and crispy on the outside!  Price is similar to the doppelgänger but I think the size is a bit bigger.  Keep in mind people.....it's cash only!  Come prepared!
Being a visitor of Montreal, I had to make a stop for their bagels. Our first choice of cinnamon raisin wasn't available, so we opted for the seedless. If you're from the USA, bagels in Canada are thinner and sweeter. St. Viateur makes some good bagels. We ordered half dozen, some to bring home. One thing I didn't like, and it's possibly we didn't get a good batch, but our bagels got hard quick. You will never find a 24 hour bagel shop in the States or people eating bagels plain without any cream cheese like you do here. Another positive, they are relatively affordable as there is no additional 15% tax! If these is (and it is just added in the price), than these bagels are cheaper than the average prices in the US!! Cash only!
I'd read about the famous Montreal bagels for some time, and finally got around to trying these out. Totally lived up to the hype, I could've devoured 3 of them all in one sitting. I wanted to try all of the flavors, or buy some to take away back to the States.I got the sesame bagel and it didn't disappoint. Hot, the right amount of chewy & softness and the sesame had a great nutty taste. You don't even need to slather it with cream cheese or add egg, or anything else to mask the flavor. It's great just on its own - I inhaled the whole thing inside the store. Totally affordable at 70 cents - you can't get fresh bagels like that, for that price, in the States.Stand there and watch them make everything from scratch - from the dough being cut, boiled, etc. There's nothing better than eating something that has been perfected after many years, fresh out of the oven. Open 24/7, there's no excuse not to go here. I'll definitely be back. Don't miss this if you're visiting from out of town or you live there.Cash only, but they will take American dollars.
Awesome, classic Montreal bagels.  Can't go wrong!  Cash only.
We trekked up here from the Latin Quarter on our second day in Montreal. We arrived just after a huge tour group and got 6 everything bagels and a little tub of Liberte cream cheese, then hiked up to Mount Royal and picnicked.My experience was probably tainted by the fact that my lips were so chapped from the wind that it was hard to open my mouth and eat the bagels... That notwithstanding, the bagels were yummy, unique, and a must-do for anyone visiting Montreal!
If this is on your 'Must See' list, then do it so you can check it off. Otherwise, the bagels aren't worth the trek unless there's something else drawing you to the neighborhood.
It's a Montreal bagel - relish it it's doughy small goodness! Line was quick. I actually just bought one all dressed bagel, put some creme cheese on it and read the walls while I finished the whole thing. Despite me not knowing how to count Canadian money, they were nice about it and laughed. The atmosphere of this place is nice too and you can see all the action going on in the back. Super fun.
Delicious. On par with the best bagels in New York City or the world, but of a different variety: smaller, more flavorful, and sweeter. I would eat these daily if I could.
Come on now... this place is a staple of all things bagel in Montreal.Boiled in honey water before baked in a wood burning oven then cooled for a lil before ending up in my bag, then shortly thereafter, in my belly. I dont even put anything on these bagels, just straight up.... I wouldn't even go anywhere else, if you like bagels and you are in Montreal, this is where you MUST go and I will go EVERY time i'm in that city (and I have every time). DO IT!
5 stars......for if you get it, hot, right there, get sesame, eat it on the street, and go on with your fabulous day in Montreal's beautiful Mile End.If you take them home and eat them the day after.......eesh, that sux.
The taste was great, but having an old bagel wasn't worth it. Be forewarned they don't make a sandwich for you, you can buy a bagel and buy cream cheese separately, but no toasting. The two tweens that served us were fairly disinterested in being there as well. Next time I'd ask for a fresh bagel from the oven.
Obviously, I had to try some Montreal bagels on my first trip to Montreal, it being such a stable of Montreal cuisine! According to online reviews and food blogs, it seemed like the consensus was that Fairmount Bagel was the place to go; however, my friends seemed to think otherwise and were hell-bent on visiting St-Viateur instead. I, being the avid foodie that I am, decided to drag my bf to both of these joints and decide once and for all who made the best bagels in town. Sadly, I must say that St-Viateur was a huge disappointment. At Fairmount, we got deliciously oven-baked, fresh, crispy on the outside, fluffy and warm on the inside, flavor-packed bagels. At St-Viateur, we got hardened, not crispy, not fluffy, cold, bland bagels. My bf ordered a whole wheat and I ordered a rosemary bagel. The whole wheat was a huge disappointment: stale, hard, grainy. I've had better whole wheat bagels in the states! The rosemary was just as much if not even more of a disappointment. The ratio of rosemary to bagel was way off; Rosemary is one of those herbs that overpowers a palate so you don't need much of it to give the bagel a bit of oomfph. This bagel was drenched in rosemary and tasted disagreeable as a result. It was also hard and stale, like the others.My recommendation: trust the consensus and go to Fairmount Bagels instead. There's a reason every notable food blog recommends Fairmount over St-Viateur, and there's a reason why the line at Fairmount was 3 times longer than the one at St-Viateur.Food: 2/5 -- very mehService: 3/5 -- ok, nothing exceptionalAtmosphere: 3/5 -- open and fairly spacious (more so than Fairmount but then again, they had more customers than St-Viateur)Overall: 2.5/5 -- decent but definitely shouldn't be your go-to bagel place in Montreal
Before having visited St. Viateur, I'd never thought of Montreal as a mecca for foods of Jewish origin. Before my visit to St. Viateur, "crunchy," "savory," and "tastes better before toasting" were not words I would attribute to bagels.Now that I've been to St. Viateur, and tried their amazing all-coat and sesame bagels, I'm all kind of jacked-up; I can't tell my right from left, I don't know which way is North, and I keep putting my pants on backwards.Okay, I may be slightly exaggerating about having my world turned upside down (except for maybe the pants part), but the bagel experience at St. Viateur is definitely one not to be missed when visiting Montreal; living somewhat close to NYC I've had access to what I'd thought was some of the best bagels this side of the International Date Line had to offer, but St. Viateur's take on the bagel definitely shook up my perception of what a "bagel" should be.I have to admit, however, that these bagels might not be the best choice for making NYC style bagel sandwiches given their smaller relative size to your everyday bagel; since tasting their sesame bagel, I've had dreams where I showed up to St. Viateur with cans of japanese/chinese sweet red beans and tried to recreate some ungodly unkosher sesame balls that they have at dimsum and eat it right in front of the bakers at St. Viateur as they watch on and cry in horror... (you know, because their sesame bagels taste exactly like those fried sesame balls)In either case, great bagels, great pricing, a must-try when visiting Montreal.
Mmmm Montreal bagels!Last time I was in town, I had Fairmount bagels, so this time when hubby was in town, he brought back bagels from the other big bagel place in town, St Viateur. Super fresh, reasonable price, and nice chewy density. I like the poppy seed kind. They give you plastic bags as well if you want to freeze them at home.Only downside is cash only.
We ordered a bagel and bottle of water to-go but since the place was empty we decided to sit down and eat it. After a couple minutes a male employee rudely came over to us and made us leave because we had said "to go" when we ordered. He said people were going to come in and we were sitting in a prime spot (near the window). It was afternoon and there was literally 1 other table with two women sitting at it, and probably 15-20 empty tables around us. We were pretty startled and got up to leave, or we would've maybe made a bigger deal out of it. I'm only giving this place two stars because the woman who checked us out at the register gave us a fresh bagel that was still warm. We did a little shopping then walked past the bagel store about 20 minutes later and it was still empty. You'd think having paying customers enjoying your bagels in the window would attract more business, not deter it. Go to Fairmount Bagel instead! Very polite there & better bagels!
Great bagels! Good sign when there is a line out the door.
Was dragged here by a friend who used to live in Montreal and was not disappointed. They have VERY fresh bagels and a very decent price. A wide variety of options to choose from with a wide variety of amounts to buy with. The bagels are a bit on the thick side so if you are looking for something light, you might not be that into these but I love them.
Great spot. 24 hour bagel spot spitting out thousands a day. I love the size of the bagel considering I try to stay away from bread. The place is basically a factory. Friendly warm and efficient service. Only problem for me was that they don't make every bagel at that location so your subject to what that have at the time and it's not made to order. You have to purchase cream cheese, butter etc and put on yourself. Not what I'm use to being a native New Yorker. I would certainly go back if/when I visit Montreal and but a dozen for my extended stay. Love the oven. You see the bagels rolling out as you order.
On a wet snowy Sunday afternoon, we bravely made the trek out to the famous St. Viateur Bagels. Since Fairmount was close, we decided to pick up some from there as well to compare to each other as well as to NY-style bagels. All in the name of research, people!St. Viateur vs. FairmountBagels from both locations were fresh from the oven and still warm when they were handed to us. I can't say that I preferred one over the other. Eventually, bagels from both locations were mixed up, and we couldn't pick out which ones came from where. They were also both great with cream cheese & smoked salmon.Montreal vs. NY:Both are respectable in their own way. NY counterparts are fluffier & thicker and can be taken more seriously as a meal. Montreal bagels are thinner with more crust to crumb ratio, best eaten as a snack, and I love snacks.Overall, I enjoy all bagels, and refuse to play this silly game of favorites.
These bagels have NY bagels BEAT. So much lighter and the sesame seeds add such a delightful crunch. Cream cheese feels totally optional, and you don't feel disgustingly full and heavy after eating. Wish I could find Montreal-style bagels in the US!
Did not go to the actual location but had them at the airport with smoked meat. U doubted my the best bagel I have ever had
I stopped through the bagel factory front and got 2: the rosemary and the flaxseed. Both were a bit dry but tasty! A bit pricey ($.85CAD each) considering it's their factory front. While overall it was good, not sure if it's worth a trek unless you're in the area.
Visited Montreal for a show June 21 and a local we meet recommend this place for the best bagels in Montreal. We tried and loved the light but flavourful taste of them right out of the oven. Bought 3 doz. if I'm ever back in town I would defiantly go back to buy more. How can I ever go back to grocery store bagels now that I've had these
I don't know much about bagels, but I came here because i heard it's the place to get montreal bagels if you are ever in montreal (other than fairmount)I came around 12:30-1 and there was maybe 4 people in line. It was long after I paid though. It's amazing to see authentic bagels made; you see the huge dough pile and a baker cutting it and rolling it. The oven is in front of you and staff are very friendly. There's a wall with lots of newspaper articles with their history. There are fridges with lots of cream cheese options too.I had a matzoh, which is a plain and crispy giant cracker. The flavourful is all from the sesame. Bought two dozen bagels. Bagels are nice and chewy, I guess it depends on your preference of bagels, but I like chewy foods.
wha..?!? 4 stars? yes! i'm a fairmount zealot.mind you, i quite enjoy a st-viateur bagel when its piping hot, fresh off the oven. its when it becomes lukewarm or next day stale that i find them lacking in its usual flavor and chewiness. its hard and the slight sweetness to it is totally lost.i love the open space of the shop where you are literally lining up next to the bagels and are close enough to the oven. the staff is great, extremely friendly. the wonderful smell of baked bagels is to die for.the sesame is their best offering while the poppy is a bit underwhelming.and yes, they have another joint down the street a few buildings away and a bunch of café around town.
Generally when I leave New York, I plan on giving up bagels for the duration of my trip. But if Montreal is the world's "other" bagel capital, St-Viateur Bagel is its Washington Monument. Step inside and you'll find a guy feeding bagels into a massive wood burning oven and tossing the finished products into huge bins. Relative to NY bagels, these guys more resemble a 1920s tire with a giant hole in the middle and smaller, flatter edges. While this sounds weird, these bad boys can hold their own with anything I've had back home. Ask for whatever is freshest out of the oven and you'll feel like you're biting into a poppy or sesame covered cloud. While there's no seating at this location, you can pick up some lox and cream cheese and make your own sandwich at home or at the nearby Club Social coffee shop.Recommended: Anything fresh from the oven
So good! I went to Montreal with a group of friends. We got a recommendation to go here for bagels. As born-and-raised New Yorkers, I can say we are always skeptical about non-NY bagels. But this place exceeded our expectations. Delicious bagels and huge portions. I would definitely recommend it
Best plain bagels (with sesame seeds).For everything else, I still prefer Fairmount.
I did a side by side taste comparison between St Viateur and Fairmount. Fairmount wins. I also like that Fairmount will do salmon and cream cheese for you, while at St Viateur you have to purchase an entire pack of salmon for yourself. Fairmounts bagels were softer in the middle whereas St Viateur
St-Viateur bagels would give any NYC bagels a run for their money.  This has to be the best gem in Montreal -- no make that all of Canada!  It really doesn't get any better.We had stopped in at Fairmont bagel first, but luckily decided to walk the extra blocks to get to St-Viateur ouest.Their staff (owners?) on hand when we visited were very friendly and helpful. While they gave "first time visitors" each a free hot bagel, they also recommended a great coffee shop just up the street as well as guiding us how to reach the nearest Metro.  (We never would have known that you need to climb the stairs past the gas station to reach the elevated street section)
One of THE MOST HEATED DEBATES in Montreal, which is the superior bagel; ST V's or Fairmount. Both factions are zealously defending and bragging about their respective brands.  Personally I tend to stick to these two shops. The only reason I stepped in here was proximity. If I was closer to Fairmount, this review would be different.  I seriously need to conduct a blind taste test.  Both are great bagels and taste delicious.
A fresh bagel from here is like heaven - if heaven was a ring-shaped, carb-heavy, bread product.I don't recommend Montreal bagels as the base of a sandwich, they are best eaten as is, or split open with some schmear and eaten open-faced. That's it. If you keep the bagels for more than a day, then toast them. Keep it simple, 'mkay?
Tried this bagel after Fairmount. Again, went with the everything bagel. They don't put cream cheese on it for you, but you purchase the packet and they give you a knife. Total price was around $1. I think I liked Fairmount a bit better, but just a bit. For the price, I might choose St-Viateur if I were a regular. Both are great and should be sampled. Yum yum!
Really, it's quite a good bagel. And Montreal-style is the better bagel; there's no doubt. But Fairmont has the better bagel. I can't quite put my finger on it exactly, but it does. These are slightly cheaper, so if that's your only concern (it's like a $0.15 difference), then I suppose these would win for you. When you're here, admire the process. It's fun to watch.
One of my favorite spots to get delicious Montreal bagels. Prices are cheap, service is quick (mostly because it's CASH ONLY! THANK YOU!!!!!) and the bagels are fantastic. I've pretty much ate all their bagel selections at this point with my personal favorites being the Sesame and Rosemary bagels. NEWBIES! Make sure to request the freshest bagels, particularly if this is your first visit and you heard how awesome this place is, they WILL OBLIGE with a smile!(-1 star) The only downside as some have mentioned previously and correctly, is this is PURELY a bagel joint. This means you can buy your cream cheese or whatnot from their freezers... but you have to construct your own bagel sandwiches elsewhere. There are indeed a few cafes nearby that may allow you to come in to setup if you purchase a coffee (a great option for those of you who like doing this) but be prepared for this as well as some places frowning on this somewhat. Lastly, the prices for things in the freezer are far more expensive than you'd get from most other places.
These really are the best bagels in the city.  When you walk in, you are overcome by the smell of freshly made bagels, being sifted from the over on one giant long piece of wood.  That skill alone?  Incredible.  Then you realize that they're open 24 hours a day.You can't eat here - but you can buy some creme cheese here, and your bagels, and go make a lunch elsewhere.The guys who own the shop also will let you know about a cafe you're allowed to eat the bagels in - provided you buy a cup of their coffee.  When I'm next in Montreal, this will be a must-see sight, once more.
Real good bagel.   Nothing like it in Los Angeles.   Hot and made in front of your eyes.
I liked St-Viateur much more than Fairmont - I did a back-to-back comparison of the sesame bagels and found St-Viateur were denser, chewier and not as sweet.The only downside is this is purely a bagel joint - you can buy cream cheese, salmon, etc. from the freezers - but you have to construct your own bagel sandwiches at home.  Bagel dude was able to recommend Café Olimpico (yelp.com/biz/cafe-olimpi…) that had decent coffee... and tolerated me cutting up my bagel was a plastic knife and leave sesame seeds everywhere...
This is the best-Montreal-bagel-hand-down-don't-even-try-to-argue-with-me-about-it!  These are the bagels I smuggle back to the US by the dozens and have people yearning for and willing to do (almost) anything for me to get one!  Bagels are sweet (but not too much), chewy, and have a slightly charred taste.  Sesame is the way to go.If you are a first-time tourist to Montreal, this shop is a bit harder to find than some of its equally-famous competitors, and you may be tempted to stop at that competitor figuring 'it's good enough.'  I myself made that rookie mistake some years ago.  And it is a mistake.  Don't give up.  Find it.  This place is SO MUCH BETTER.  Really, there is no competition.  I don't even know why people like the 'other' place when this is, again, SO MUCH BETTER.  (This is not an opinion, it's a statement of fact!)Also, this particular shop, IMHO, is better for some reason than the other St. Viateur Bagel that's down the block on the other side of the street.
Saint-Viateur Bagels: my lord God ! what can I say that has not been uttered before? This is the Montréal institution. Institution, I tell you. This is the bagel establishment. All other bagels in the entirety of creation are to be judged by the imposing, inspiring and delicious rubric that is this eponymous bagel. This is the best bagel in the world. Seriously folks, THE BEST BAGEL IN THE WORLD!!!! New York City bagels ain't got nothin' on MTL. For reals Five-One-Four represent! Really NYC, you don't boil your bagels in honey water? No wood-fired brick oven? Hmm, that's strange, I really thought for a split millisecond that New York was a real city. No panache, no pizazz. Upper Westside you say? Lower-no-taste-so-good (That neighbourhood would be called LoNoTaSoGo in New York by the way) I say hahaha. Why do they taste like simple generic bread fashioned into a hollow circle? Because that is exactly what they are, that's why! Your face is a hollow circle and you must suck lemons because you look pretty sour -- and yellow. Are you yellow? Chicago or London? Excuse you! Wait, West Coast bagels, really? Los Angeles bagels -- ha ! let me laugh in your face for five hours at the top of my lungs. That is incidentally the amount of time it'll take your Sunset & Vine ass to get on the next Air Canada flight from LAX to YUL. Indeed, we are fortunate to live in a real city with real bagels. At Saint-Viateur the sesame seed and the poppy seed are the standard bearers. They have others as well that I like trying from time to time but nothing is better than these two classics for me. Buy a dozen, eat one just there and then on the street or in the bus or métro while still piping hot, bring the rest of them home, cut another one in half, spread some schmear, perhaps a slice of tomato if you'd like and go to town. Try them toasted as well! As you chew and taste and savour, think about the city and it's denizens, you're here and you are home.
This shop is literally 2-3 blocks down from Fairmount's Bagel. St. Viateur also makes their bagel daily and had just the same variety as Fairmount's. What I didn't like about this place was the fact that they didn't cut open my bagel and spread cream cheese on it, instead I had to choose my own cream cheese from the fridge and do it myself. Aside from this, the bagel is a lot more softer and didn't have that crunch. There weren't a lot of sesame on the bagel which meant the aroma of the sesame bagel wasn't as intense. Each person has their own opinon about this bagel shop. As for me, I would pass on this bagel shop.
My go-to Montreal bagel shop, the original St. Viateur Bagel, on St. Viateur Ouest in the Mile-End.This place has been around for almost sixty years and is open 24-7. They are even open on the Sabbath to get you your bagel fix. Be ready to line up, but thankfully this place is a bagel making machine and they'll get you in and out very quickly.Sesame is hands down the way to go at seven dollars for a dozen, it's a steal. Fancier varieties cost a little more, but nothing that will break the bank.Note-this place is only a bagel factory pretty much - no place to sit that's what the NDG and Mont-Royal locations are for.
Best bagel I've ever had in my life. They're only slightly smaller than the size I'm used to in the U.S., but much tastier. There's less boiled density in the middle; it's fresh and crispy almost the whole way through. The sesame seeds are big and flavorful. I can't remember the exact pricing, but it was ridiculously cheap. The guys were very chipper, coming out to help us choose a spread, or even letting my friend sneak back to use the restroom.
The St-Viateur bagel bakery is first of all one of the main tourist attractions in Montreal. People come to live in this city and when they move back to their home country they still talk about the bagels and ask their friends to bring them some when visiting. There is a good reason for it, the bagels have unique taste, but they are really best when consumed warm just right from the wood fired oven of the store.My preferred way to have the bagels is of course with cream cheese and smoked salmon, what happens often, there is a craving in the house for bagels and action: jump in the car, drive up the hill, buy your dozen and drive quickly back home to bring the bagels warm. If you miss some ingredients for this bagel feast, the main ones are available in the bakery's fridge. By the time I'm back my dozen has decreased with one bagel, who can have warm bagels in his hands and stay away from them. Why 4 stars, the store has a variety of bagels, unfortunately most of the times only the classic sesame ones are warm. For whatever reason I can rarely obtain fresh poppy seed bagels, which are favorite for one of my bagel feast partners. Besides that sometimes cold bagels sneak into my bag,  well the oven home is always a back up plan, but I can buy St-Viateur cold bagels in the supermarket....In a nutshell I love this bakery and if I happen to be in the neighborhood I often line up for a bagel goodness.
I don't know what I can possibly say about the almighty St-Viateur bagel that hasn't already been said. So here's a tip to turn a delicious St-Viateur bagel into a delicious bagel-shaped soft pretzel.Run your hand under a little water and use your damp hand to moisten the surface of the bagel. Sprinkle copiously with salt. Toast lightly in toaster oven. Voila, get your salt fix with your bagel fix.They offer a few different varieties of bagel but for the best experience, make sure you get at least one of whatever has just tumbled out of the oven.
my favorite of the two crazy popular bagel shops. All dressed was the favorite. Bagels are always fresh. Glad I tried but would only go back if in the area.
You must get it here, hot and straight out of the wood fired oven.  Probably one of the best bagels I've ever had.  I had the sesame one.  When they're fresh, they are super soft, light and slightly sweetened.  We had bought some bagels and taken them home to go.  After about 12 hours of sitting around, they're not quite as good.  Fresh is best.
Cash only. No seating here. Check their other location if you require seating to enjoy their sweet morsels of goodness. The bagels are good. In need of butter and some salt to finish but eating them plain shows me that the texture and consistency is just right. Definitely fewer flavors than Fairmont.  Montreal-style bagels are a must try.
Final stop of our Montreal Eat-away. We leave with Memories of Sesame Bagels.It wasn't so much Memories as it was more like buying Bagels after Midnight...and having bag(s) of those Freshly Baked Sesame Bagels in the car's backseat...cruising 7-hours back as we were infused and became ONE with the bagel by Dawn.I remember well when I first heard of St-Viateur during a visit in a Pickering Cafe.The label on the front door promoting some Montreal Bagel available at this said Cafe.I did not purchase at this Cafe but I sure did ask them about what St-Viateur was...Apparently the Cafe has someone drive to Montreal every 2-weeks or so to pick up.I recall hearing the Bagels are still absolutely delicious from Freezer and reheated.I remember my Parents tell me when I was Young, they'll get me a Bread Hoop.Put around my Neck and I can multi-task[Gaming obviously] away while snacking.Then they can feel more care-free on their Vacations, while I stay behind at home.If St-Viateur made a Mega-Bagel, my Parents will be on Vacations much more often.
There is a reason there is a line up out the door on a Sunday morning: best Montreal bagels. Fresh out of the fire oven is the best time to eat them
Good bagels, just don't expect to be able to sit down, as it's takeaway only.
St-Viateur Bagel Stop #324 hours and 7 days a week?! How many dozen of bagels do you need? Are you going to eat all of those? Let me see how many kilometres you need to walk to burn one of these bagels off? Only Sesame and Poppy seed left... can I just have 3 dozens or so... I feel the warm and smell the bagels driving all the way back to Toronto... and I end up smelling like bagels too... sweet sweet smell of sesame and honey!BTW, St Viateur Bagel might be the safest place in Montreal tonight as there are 2 police officers chatting away with the bakers.
its an institution! best bagels in North America! yes better than NYC bagels - open 24/7 its a must go to spot when your done at the end of the night...nothing like a dozen fresh hot black or white seed bagels with a philly cream cheese and lox spread on the hood of your car with friends at 2:00am! and the staff is super duper friendly and accommodating.
Delicious, freshly baked bagels at a great price. Don't let the long lines fool you - the service is fast and you'll be walking out with your Montreal bagels in no time!
In the T.V. show The West Wing, the character Josh proclaims, "Bring me the finest muffins and bagels in all the land!" The finest bagels in all the land surely come from St-Viateur (or maybe Fairmount...you can't go wrong with either place). They come hot from the oven at all hours of the day and night. Sadly, I can no longer tolerate cream cheese, but these bagels are so good that they don't even need cream cheese.If ever you travel away from our fair city, bring along a dozen (minus the one you couldn't help but eat on the way out of the store) as a host/hostess gift and you will be a very popular houseguest, I promise. If you ever travel to our fair city from elsewhere, you owe it to yourself to try a bagel at each place, and be sure to get some for the road.
I never eat my bagels without cream cheese ever.....until I tasted a St-Viateur Bagel.I watched from behind the counter as the bagels were being pulled out of the wood fired oven as my sister ordered me a sesame seed bagel.  These bagels were FRESH.  Hot crispy buttery outside with a chewy center it was absolutely delicious!  Who cares about the carbs!  I believe the condiments are sold separately but I'm not quite so sure since I did not feel the need to order any!!  If you are in the area definitely drop by to try a bagel you won't be disappointed!!
Walked 8km roundtrip to get at these, was not disappointed. Hot and fresh sesame bagels were the best, but I also enjoyed the cinnamon raisin a whole lot. I love their bagel-pretzel hybridness.
Best Bagel in North America or north of America?On a recent visit to Montreal a friend--who just so happens to live there and who could also be considered slightly biased--took me to the bakery who has the "best bagels in North America"1.  I paused when he told me that and asked if he meant the best bagels north of America?  Living in the New York area I feel it is blasphemy to call any bagel outside of NYC the best!  I mean, even the bagels I ate daily when I lived in New Orleans were imported from New York City.  We compromised and agreed that St-Viateur Bagel Shop makes the best bagels in Montreal!St-Viateur Bagel has been a fixture in Montreal since 1957 when Myer Lewkowicz brought his recipes from Eastern Europe and decided to share them with the people of Montreal.2 They sell over 12,000 bagels a day and the St-Viateur location is open 24 hours.  Everyone wants a St-Viateur bagel!  The line wrapped around the block during my visit.What is the big secret to making the best bagels in Montreal?  There are two key items needed:   1) Wood-burning oven   2) Hand rolling the dough I am not going to lie, the St-Viateur bagels are fantastic.  A few months ago I discovered the best donuts in Montreal and now I have found the best bagels!  I will let you decide if these are the best in North America or north of America.  I will just say they are pretty darn good and you can be the judge.
What do you get when you combine a pretzel with a bagel, a St. Viateur Bagel! I came here during the morning and watched the workers work their craft,  quickly cutting, hand-rolling, seasoning, and throwing the dough in the wood-burning oven. Just as quickly as fresh ones were taken out of the oven and thrown onto the long conveyor-like ramp. The bagels are served fresh and hot so be sure to eat one on the spot. Although this location does not prepare the bagel with sides such as salmon, cream cheese, butter or the like, there are a couple refrigerators stocked with tubs of different types of cream cheese and packages of salmon that you can purchase and take to go. If you're looking for a full-on experience of a warm bagel with sides, as well as coffee and other foods, you can go to the other St. Viateur Bagel & Cafe locations.I ordered a Sesame Bagel ($0.60 CAD), unsure of what to expect. What I got was smaller than a New York bagel. My first thoughts when biting into it, was soft as a pretzel with an airy/fluffy consistency and a subtle sweetness. And as an added bonus, this delectable bagel counts in at only 220 calories where a New York bagel is about twice as much!! As you enjoy your bagel, peruse around the front entrance where there is a wall of photographs of famous celebrities and advertisements glorifying this place.And some good news: This legendary bagel shop is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!! Even on New Year's Day while the rest of Montreal is still sleeping!! Be sure to call ahead if you're wanting to try a certain type of bagel to see if they are making it at the time you're planning on visiting.Bagel Menu (CAD Prices: Single, 1/2 Doz, Doz):Sesame - $0.60, $3.40, $6.75Poppy - $0.60, $3.40, $6.75Seedless - $0.60, $3.40, $6.75Cinnamon Raisin - $0.70, $4.20, $8.40All Dressed (Everything) - $0.70, $4.20, $8.40Whole Wheat - $0.70, $4.20, $8.40Flax Seed - $0.75, $4.50, $9.009 Grains - $0.80, $4.80, $9.60Bread - $2.50Matzoh - $1.30
Ok.  My wife and I are bagel snobs.  We drive 20+ miles at home to get the best bagels.  I've flown back from NYC with three dozen bagels after business trips.   With that being said, St. Viateur bagels rock.  I got the sesame seed, and my wife got the rosemary and sea salt.  They were both excellent, with the right amount of bite and chewiness.  Not to mention out of the oven kind of fresh.  Definitely worth the walk out to the neighborhood.
I grew up in NY and I still think our bagels are the best. But the best bagel I've had outside of NY is definitely here! So soft and delicious, the best bagels in Montreal!
Awesome sesame bagel when it was eaten still warm out of the oven.Had one half a day later and it was overly dense and not really edible when served cold.  Conclusion: make sure you try one of these fresh from the oven.
For the record, I was born and raised in Brooklyn, and for most of my time there, lived a stone's throw from Coney Island Bagels & Bialys. As much as I love a good New York bagel, the moment I bit into a sesame bagel from St. Viateur this past summer, I was completely head-over-heels in love. Please note that comparing a New York bagel to a Montreal bagel is like comparing apples and oranges; they are completely different (the only similarity they share is their shape and a hole in the middle, and even those aren't quite the same). They have to be judged on their own merit. That said, if I were forced to choose between eating a New York bagel or a St. Viateur Montreal bagel for the rest of my life, I'd have to go with St. Viateur.Yes, I'm a traitor.
A Montreal institution! A Montreal icon! Impossible to dislike those delicious,soft,warm bagels! Impossible to eat just one! People from out of town make it a point to pull over and pick up a dozen bagels + the great variety of spreads and smoked salmon!
Fantastic bagel shop that makes great bagels. Pretty cool that they are open 24 hours. Very simple, no frills. I don't see any reason to compare/contrast with New York. The bagels are fantastic and are certainly better than anything I found on the West Coast during my 11 years there. A tip: I tend to go in the mornings so maybe it's different at other times of day, but I have the distinct impression that the sesame (and maybe the poppy and plain) bagels are baked on constant loop, while the all-dressed and rosemary bagels are baked with less frequency. Thus, each morning the sesame bagels were so warm and fresh that it would have been an unconscionable crime to toast them, while the other flavors, though delicious, were not as fresh. So, I would advise getting sesame bagels if you plan on eating them right away, but including all-dressed and rosemary in your order if you're taking some home to toast at a later date.
If you want traditional old fashioned Bagels well this is the place!! Immediately after walking in the hardest decision you'll have to make is how many & which flavour! The bagels are super moist & are good to freeze. I make an effort to stop here each time I am in Montreal & in my opinion its worth the Taxi trip-very yummy!!!
This is where a newcomer's journey into bagels should start! Now I know that whatever I used to get in groceries and shops are not what bagel should taste!
Growing up in New York I've become accustom to great bagels and this place did not disappoint.  You can see the bagels being fired in the wood oven right before you eyes and can even get one pipping hot freshly made. Highly recommend the rosemary bagels, a flavor I had never seen before they were delicious! Staff was very nice too and was patient as we decided what to get.
Overrated! The bagels and condiments are sold separately, so you have to assemble everything yourself. We ordered 2 everything bagels (known as "dressed" bagels in Montreal), a package of smoked salmon, and 2 cream cheese spreads for a grand total of $18.I then forced everyone to walk 15 mins until we found a small bench to start creating our bagel sandwiches. Sadly, The bagels were extremely chewy, a bit stale, and a lot disappointing :( In the Fairmont vs. Viateur war - Fairmont def takes the cake.
Best.Bagels.Ever! I crave them! They say, "Oh the New York bagel... It's so good...yada yada yada"... New York bagels suck! Want a real bagel? This is where it's at! I laugh at shops here in Boston that imitate Montreal bagels, but they don't come close.
I disagree with the masses on St-Viateur.  Maybe I came in at the wrong time, but my bagel was a bit stale and not nearly as flavorful as their competitor.  It's an old building and it's cool to see the cooking process.  They just weren't my favorite bagel in the neighborhood.
Just do yourself a favor and go here and get some bagels first thing in the morning (or last thing at night, sure). Get more than you need, sesame and poppy. Eat one (hot, wonderfully bready smelling) on the way home. Get some butter and slap it on another bagel when you get home. They're small, you can eat as many as you want.Then eat one more each day for the rest of your life.
Tasty rosemary and sea salt bagel and cool neighborhood to ride a bike and chill out.
I stopped by this bagel shop before Fairmont Bagels...since both bagels shops were on the walking tour route suggested by lonely planet, i was like, well, may as well do a tasting test to see which one i liked more... :)I love how i saw the open oven, a man kneading and rolling the bagels, while the other man working on the open oven, taking bagels out with this long wooden spatula...it was an awesome scene! I decided to order the "everything" bagel since that's what i got at the Fairmont...hmmm...i have to say that i prefer the other place over this one...but it's still a very good bagel for those that likes their bagel a bit sweeter....they are both solid places for montreal style bagels, chewy, but not as dense and gigantic as the NY cousins...
I have been coming here since I was a kid with my dad. I love the place soo much that I even bought a tee shirt once which I never wear. You have to try eating a bagel straight out of the oven with no cream cheese or butter. Amazing.I also usually buy 3 dozen bagels to take home (to the states). As soon as I get home I slice them in half and freeze them in a zip lock. Great toasted with just butter or with smoked salmon and cream cheese.
I had been dreaming of this bagel palace ever since seeing it on the travel channel. Bagels coming out of a wood fired oven, WTF. I couldn't wait to taste them. So off to St-Viateur the oldest bagel shop in Montreal. As you walk in you see the assembly line of bagels going to their wood fired death. But they don't come out all burnt, instead perfectly toasted to a crisp outer deliciousness. Well I ordered a half dozen mixed and preceded to devour them one by one. So much for being off carbs. There dough was light and fluffy inside with a crisp crusty outer shell. It was one fine bagel. No disappointment here, just satisfaction.
I can't say definitively whether St. Viateur makes the best Montreal bagel but I can claim that they have been- from childhood to now- THE Montreal bagel for me. New Yorkers and other non-Montreal denizens take note: these bagels are neither puffy, non-holey nor heavy. If your heart is betrothed to an Ess-a-bagel or H&H prototype then it's best to check your notions at the door. I don't mean to impair any existing relations but.... frankly speaking...Montreal bagels are holier and more compact, sweet and better. They are a reasonable bite instead of a gaping Big Apple mouthful. You don't need to drown it with cream cheese to enjoy, it's perfectly delicious unadorned. In short, they represent my ideal ring shaped bread product.  Strangely enough despite being situated nearby, I have not tried Fairmount's version so I can't chime in fully on how St. Viateur holds up to the local competition. That debate and loyalty test awaits a future review. And I've come to understand that St. Viateur's delights can be consumed in a myriad of locations these days, including New York. But for me, nothing quite beats procuring one straight from the source. It's almost a must do when I'm in town.Open 24 hours since 1957, with their bagel-making production splayed out for all to see, St. Viateur was artisanal before it was a buzz word amongst DIY'ers. A lovely warm, sweet aroma blitzes you upon entering. The bagels are hand rolled and boiled before being baked in a wood burning oven. Each bagel has a bit of character because of this process. In New York I like everything bagels. But in Montreal, sesame is de rigueur. Try to get one from the pile that has been pulled recently from the oven. Note the little nooks and crannies in the dough; no perfectly machine shaped abominations here. Some will sport more tanned marks than others. The crust is a little smokey, a little nutty and it won't be long before you hit the chewy, toothsome interior. Do you want cream cheese? Pfffttt. These are fine on their own. But if you must indulge they have tubs or little packets of philly in the fridge on the side. Lox? Pas ici. Oh yeah there's no seating. So what do I do? I pick up a dozen on my midnight run and I briskly walk back to my Grandmother's apartment. Sometimes (okay every time) I will take one out and munch on it as I navigate the intersections on my route back. I like to think I was teethed on these bagels. And when I reach my destination point, at the bottom of the stairs as before, a sliver of light streams out as she makes her way to the the top. "Aiyaaaa..why out so late??!!!" she mutters while she prepares another hasty rebuke. But then she hears that familiar crackle of paper and takes in the sweet yeasty odour making its way up."Okay. Let me go put on my dentures."
I grew up in NY. I resent St. Viageur Bagel for destroying my love of NY Bagels. Watching these gorgeous wheels of golden delight cooking in the hot glow of the lovely brick oven is enough to drive you crazy. This place is like something out of The Twilight Zone.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
St-Viateur is one of the combatants in The Great Bagel Wars of North America between Montreal and New York City.  It's a small place, but oh boy are there bagels delicious!  They are baked in the brick oven and come out piping hot!Just order a whole bunch of them and watch yourself eat the whole bag, so you better have some friends to share them with.Hint: You don't even need the cream cheese.
24 hour spot.  Good bagels although they weren't fresh from the oven.  If I could do it again, I'd ask specifically about which just came out of the oven and get those.  Overall, the bagels were like bagels anywhere else and I wouldn't venture out of my way to get them again.  Good not great.
Another vote for best Bagel in North America from Los Angeles!One of the guys in my morning running group has been professing his love of your bagels and surprised the rest of us all by ordering a few dozen.  It was quite a site as we all ran home along the Pacific ocean in the early morning light with our arms full of your bagels here in Manhattan Beach, CA near Los Angeles.  They are delicious and I'll definitely be placing an order myself in the near future!Freeze them on arrival and toast them just a wee bit and they are perfect.
Picked up a half dozen while in town for the jazz fest. Have now brought home to Boston bagels from both St-Viateur and Fairmount and, I have to say, I am underwhelmed. They are fine out of the oven but go stale quickly. They're also scrawnier than their NYC cousins--like if you fell asleep in a sauna for two days, then woke up all wrinkly and weighing about 20 lbs less. That's MTL bagel vs NYC bagel.Overall, it's decent fare, but not worth a special trip.
I got myself a sesame, cinnamon raisin, and a rosemary. Well verdict, YES they were good especially the rosemary and cinnamon ones. But to be honest I expected something more, worked on all the hype and good reviews about it. Anyways, still good bagels!
best bagels in town. no more to say
WARMEST DOUGHIEST MOST WONDERFUL BAGELS EVER WITH AN INFINITE AMOUNT OF SESAME SEEDS!Omg. omg. omg.....omg. This place way, way, way exceeded my already extremely high expectations by providing a mind blowing experience. We got a sesame and poppyseed bagel. Both were hot from the oven, soft on the inside, so doughy and fragrant...no toppings, schmears, spreads, whatever needed...just plain and warm from the oven.
Can't say if these are the 'best in Montreal' as I have only a single sample, but they are very good bagels. The bagels are on the small side compared to what is often found in the US/NYC - not a bad thing. The place is very small, seating is tight for about 20 people total. Expect a line.Tried the sesame and poppy seed bagels with lox. Note that the salmon(lox) that they serve is very light - almost no salt - so it is different than most lox available in the US (and very different from belly lox, if you can find it, which is characteristically very salty). The bagel sandwiches were a bit pricey($12) but the bagels themselves are cheap($7.50/doz)Be aware - Cash only!
Come and get it! Montreal bagels at their finest. In every flavour under the great bagel sun in the sky. A true win.You could go for some of the fancier flavours but honestly the plain and the standards are delicious in their simplicity. St-Viateur is open 24-7 which means there is no excuse for not picking up bagels for your mates before you return from belle Montreal. The bagels are inexpensive plus you can sit in or get food to go from this little oasis.Pop in soon, oh, and bring some bagels to Toronto for me would ya! I miss them.
Buttery delicious hot chewy bagels, amazing sense of hot-off-the-fire history, funny friendly service (not like "can I take your order madam" friendly, but more like "hey, sup. jokesjokesjokes"). This place is a brightly-lit beacon in the dead of night, and wrapping your hands around a bagel right out of the fire-breathing oven at 3am in the dead of winter is true Montreal experience - only for the hearty and hale. Don't waste your time at the St Viateur cafes (these are fine, they are just beside the point.) Don't wait two days to eat your bagels back home then complain that they are stale. Just grab a half dozen of whatever is hot, get some cream cheese and go for a walk - and be thankful that your life contains such sweetness. ;)
Fresh bagels. Definitely fresh. One can see the oven and the bagels coming out of said oven.Ordered a plain sesame bagel with no frills to really taste the unadulterated Montreal bagel. I'm disappointed in myself for not liking it more. Maybe mine was defective? It happens.The bagel sandwich, though, was good, but a tad overpriced I felt.Cash only! Good thing there's plenty of ATMs around.
How good could a bagel be, really?  My friend and I asked ourselves this as we wandered out to St. Viateur at 10pm on a weeknight.  We had had a late lunch and weren't up for spending a ton of dough (haha) on a big dinner so decided to seek out the famed bagel spots of Montreal.  We are from Chicago, not a town know for bagels, but have both had bagels in NYC and many many "NYC-style" bagels (which I love) but man, they have NOTHING on the bagels we found at St. Viateur.First of all, if you are staying in the old town or downtown, this is a metro ride and a several block walk away.  Not at all hard to do, this is just not in the middle of the touristy parts of town.  Second of all, there is nowhere to sit in the shop and enjoy a bagel.  We found a bench down the block to shove bagels down our gullets though.  Thirdly, the selection you have to choose from is whatever they happened to have just made- we had sesame and it was phenomenal- fresh from the oven.  Why are these bagels the best in the world?  They have the perfect chew on the inside with just enough crunch on the outside.  It reminds me of a perfect macaron- hard to perfect but heavenly when done right.  All you need to dress one of these up is a "schmear" of cream cheese (sold in those little mini/individual tubs).  I found a kiosk at the airport selling this brand of bagels so I took some home- not as good as the fresh from the oven ones but, when toasted, still miles apart from any bagel I could buy in Chicago.  YUM!
I would certainly not compare these bagels to NY bagels.  It's a whole different animal.  NY bagels are plumper, chewier, are more substantial by nature.  They swell so large that the "hole" in the center is sometimes non-existent.  NY bagels are wonderful and filling.  The bagels at St. Viateur are different than NY bagels, but in their own right they are sublime.  Hand-made, each bagel has a slightly different shape.  The dough is rolled thinner with a larger hold in the center, allowing the bagel more of a crustiness and less of the doughy chewiness that NY bagels offer in the bagel's interior.  This past weekend, I ate about 4 sesame bagels from St. Viateur, two a day.  They are smaller and less filling than a NY bagel (I can usually BARELY finish one of those).  The flavor is incredible, however.  If you're ever in Montreal, get your bagels here!  Soooo good! And PS Anthony Boudrain, a proud New Yorker, tried the bagels here on his Quebec episode of No Reservations and agreed they are delicious, not comparing them to his beloved NY bagels, but still admitting their greatness :)
I was excited to try Montreal style bagels but think I like NY style much better. I don't know but Montreal-style are much thinner and denser and they remind me of the stuff you buy in the market, laden with preservatives.It's totally charming that this bagel shop is open 24 hours and has a factory-feel to it but they're not very helpful about pointing out what's fresh: the bagel we ate tasted like it had been sitting there for a month. Also, all you can add to your bagel is Philadelphia cream cheese. I don't know if that's a delicacy up here but it's the bottom of the barrel where I come from. Guys, get some frickin' whipped cream cheese for christ's sake?If I had had a fresh bagel from the giant oven, I might be singing a different story -- make sure you ask for one -- as I didn't and was sorely dissapointed.They also had some crazy "matzoh" which was like a fried flat bagel covered in sesame seeds that I thought was pretty good. Overall, people, both employees and the long line of daily bagelers behind us seemed grouchy and the whole place had a bad vibe. St. Viateur -- I think you may be coasting on your reputation and a bagel-loving public who just doesn't know any better. I suggest you warm the place up a bit with some attitude adjustment, fresh products (ditch the Philly, OK?) and try pointing people towards what's fresh. It's why we came in.
This doesn't need much explanation. If you have never had a Montreal bagel then go here and eat one that is fresh out of the brick oven, preferably sesame. You will never look back at an American counterpart...ever.
Bagel was soft enough to cut with a plastic fork and had a nice taste, but the guy who served me had a super bad attitude.  Not sure if it was because I spoke English off the bat or because I only ordered one.  I wouldn't go back.
Bagels are super disgusting, just by walking into the place it smelled damp and old which didn't give a good sign this place would be any good. If you want old, over cooked, stale bagels... this is a place you want to avoid!
Everybody told us we had to try a bagel from St.-Viateur or Fairmont bagel, when we planned our trip to Montreal.  So, we stopped at St.-Viateur and had a bagel.  I don't see what all the excitment is about.  It tasted like any other sesame seed bagel I've had here in the states, maybe a little chewier
Great Sesame bagel! It is a little sweeter and less hard than NYC bagels but they are great. Definitely eat them while they are hot because that is the best. I still think NY Bagels are the bomb :)
Hands-down the BEST bagels in the world!Montreals often cite the rivalry between St.Viatuer and Fairmount Bagels but I'm partial to the former. The latter also makes great bagels, don't get me wrong but I'm a bit of a purist, plain, sesame, poppy seed, cinnamon - in my book, that's all you need while Fairmount on the other hand makes more creative options like sun-dried tomato, blueberry, chocolate and orange etc. which is fine, it's a matter of preference really.This is a *must* stop for anyone visiting Montreal.Hell even the members of Arcade Fire come here and bought members of Radiohead over one day to try it out and they're still raving about the place!
I'm going to play the New Yorker card here. Why? Because the New Yorker card was invented for a sticky pickle of a contest like this, and I'm settling it:As a born and lived-in New Yorker who has eaten bagels all over (yeah H&H, A&S, Murray's, Bagelsmith, etc.) I vote Montreal as bagel capital. It's only by a slight margin, but these chewy buttery babes are better. They have more character and are a more slender, more al dente version of our bagel--not so fluffy and bready, more textured and refined--just right with a dip of cream cheese.Me and my girl brought back 3 or 4 dozen, having feverfits and trying not to eat them all on the 9-hour drive back.
Chewy, fluffy, soft insideThe outside has a bite...it is not crunchy and it is not hard to bite off...It.s a great bagelI like the sesame bagelI find it has a tiny little bit sweetness to itSo u don't need any cream cheese, butter, jam....MmmmmmmGreat bagels!
Awesome bagels. The matzohs are my personal fave. Buy the cream cheese and lox separately and slap em on.
They are the best bagels I've ever eaten. Given that it was my last day in Montreal, we shopped there for two dozens and they were all gone before our flight landed in Winnipeg.
The best bagels in the world! Beware, if you get them in your car, the smell will conquer your buds and you will eat 2 on your way home, so count those in when you order the quantity desired! Only reason why not a 5 stars, no place to sit and enjoy them on the spot. Not that they need to turn this fab joint into a resto, but a bench outside would be nice so you can savour a bagel while enjoying the Mile-End vibe.---Les meilleurs bagels au monde. Et attention, si vous les entrez dans votre voiture, l'odeur conquira vos narines et vous en goberez 2 avant d'arriver chez vous, donc considérez ces deux bagels extra dans votre commande! La seule raison pour laquelle je ne donne pas un 5 étoiles, est qu'il n'y a pas de bancs pour dégustation sur place. Pas qu'ils aient besoin de changer ce petit comptoir génial en resto, mais un banc à l'extérieur serait apprécié afin de pouvoir déguster sur place et s'imbiber de l'âme du quartier Mile-End.
As a Philadelphian, this place reminded me of the soft pretzel spot in south Philly that opens at midnight. A similarly great hole in the wall selling delicious, cheap, hot from the oven bagels. You want them, I promise.
The bagels here are slightly more dense than Fairmount's, and the shell isn't as crunchy.  Overall, they are softer and more chewy.  The sesame here is probably the best type here, with a nutty, aromatic flavor.  I love that they ship bagels to the US; we order a couple dozen every once in a while and store them in the freezer.  Personally, I like Fairmount's bagels more but this comes in at a close second.
I was really excited to try some authentic East Coast bagels because everytime I say how much I like Noah's bagels, people give me a disgusted look.  St. Viateur's bagels come in small selection of flavors.  When we were there, they had plain, poppy seed and sesame.  Their bagels are cheap.  I saved 10 Canadian dollars for the last breakfast before leaving Canada, and used like $4 for 4 bagels plus some cream cheese. There is no place to sit: it's not a cafe, just a place to buy bagels.  They will supply you with a plastic knife, however, if you buy individual size cream cheese.Now, onto the bagel.  It's definitely different from Noah's, whose bagel now start to resemble more like bread with this new comparison.  St. Viateur bagels are dry but not brittle, look hard but really chewy.  I am so glad I can now say I have tried authentic East Coast bagels.
I grew up on these and refuse to eat any other bagel. Enough said.
location:small shop with a 24 hour bakery with a worker slaving away all night until early morn.  that's some crazy graveshift hours.  it's in a residential neighborhood.  nothing fancy,  just get your fresh bagels and go!  must have item:-regular plain bagel:  chewy,  slightly sweet,  and a thinner ring.  very different from a new york bagel.  i actually prefer these.  it's so good,  you can eat it plain.   you don't need any cream cheese or schmear.  they are just distractions!   i'm a purist.  i got these like at 1am and they were piping hot.  very fresh!  -sesame seed bagel:  chewy,  slightly sweet,  but nutty from the sesame seeds.  it was a very well-rounded flavor and soft on the inside.  it had a bite on the outside,  but it was just pillowy goodness on the inside.  quite possibly,  the greatest bagel i've ever had.    conclusion:very authentic montreal bagel experience.  get the sesame seed bagel.   they're cheap and constantly fresh.  i got 4 of them and had the remaining 2 the next day and they were still good (albeit,  a little harder,  but flavor.... yup,  it was still there!).
Ok, so I live in New York and I have learned from bagels. However, Montréal bagels are a totally different beast than NYC bagels. The texture is more like a pretzel, but without any salt and sweeter. It's thinner and a bit bland on it's own. However, it's perfect for making a sandwich. With NYC bagels, I always feel like the bread:food ratio is too heavy on the bread side. Not so with Montréal bagels. They need to be eaten with stuff. Clearly, my hangover needed to be warded off with the application of smoked salmon, red onions and capers, which is exactly what I did. The sesame seed bagel was nice and nutty. Did I mention that these babies are baked in a wood-fire oven? Oooh, yeah. Yum.Love this place and their bagels. Best breakfast sandwich ever
I'm a native of Los Angeles.  I love NYC bagels (Ess-A-Bagel, hello!).  What do I think of Montreal bagels?CHA-CHING!!  On the money, yo.  I must say here, documented, that Montreal bagels whip the butts of NYC bagels.  An NYC bagel is good, but it gets its perfection from the mounds of cream cheese.  A Montreal bagel is perfection without any alterations or additions.  I've never, ever had a bite of any bagel and felt that I would want to willingly eat it plain and in its entirety, right there and then.  At St. Viateur, I looked at the bagel and wondered why it wasn't cut in half.  "Do you put cream cheese on it?"..  and she smiled and said, "No", and pointed to the fridge to my right and said, "You can buy for .50" (I think she said 50 cents, but it was something in that amount).  I decided nah.. and told her it's ok, I'll just go with it as is.  She smiled big and made that gesture with her hand that can be read as "magnificent choice!"  I took it outside towards the drizzly morning of Montreal/Mile-End, and sunk my teeth into it.  And more.  And again.  And suddenly felt that I needed a cup of coffee to help slow down, and to be able to relish it.  Stopped by a coffee shop nearby (I forget the name, darn it!), but it was a very good latte... and oh what a delightful breakfast.  The coffee was certainly not necessary, but unless you want to scarf the bagel down and wish you hadn't, you should get one to pair it with. :)  The shop offers nowhere to sit.  It's not really a dining establishment.  Just a shop that makes bagels.  I wish they'd have somewhere to sit, but perhaps that's part of the decades of charm.  The area itself seems residential nearby, and it was a bit of a trek by a bus from the downtown area, to get here.  I'd say about 25 minutes by bus.  Worth every bumpy moment.  This is a way to consume carbs the way they were meant to be consumed.  And you won't feel one bit of guilt.Didn't get the chance to try Fairmount, but the reviews make them sound so similar..  so I've left Fairmount for my return visit.
NY has bagels and Montreal has bagels.  They're different and I like 'em both. Like at H&H (in the USW in NY) I order whatever just came out of the hot oven.  And so, tried and true, I ordered the Sesame Bagel.  Seemed like the sesame was the overall favorite and most popular so we ordered one to go - it was warm to the touch, smelled wonderful and the toasted sesame crisp to the bite.   Was so good I just ate it w/o cream cheese.   Also ordered the Everything Bagel just for a taste, however, it was was sitting for a while so wasn't the best texture - was tough/dry - and was a tad stale.  Great experience; friendly staff and efficient.
Let me start by stating what this place is NOT.- You don't come here for a warm customer/owner interaction. Think seinfeld episode of your choice ;)- You don't come here for a variety of sandwiches or toppings or to have your bagel toasted lightly with a smidgin of butter.- You don't come for the ambiance...You come here for the undisputed best bagel on the planet!! (tied with fairmont bagel...)Best enjoyed fresh out of their wood-fired oven with or without the spread of your choice.You want them toasted with butter (or cream cheese)?Take 'em home and do it yourself!Save yourself the aggrevation...
Definitely not your typical bagel.It's more like very simple, round, artisan bread...baked in a wood-fired oven and best eaten warm.  So damn delicious, you don't need a spread.Is it bad that we have these at least twice a day whilst in Montreal?Totally worth the price of an Air Canada airline ticket.  Especially if you add-in a Shwartz brisket sandwich.(Thank you N & N for the addiction!)
During my recent trip to Montréal, I made sure I grabbed a bagel and see if it was all hype, or if this was a great style of bagels. St-Viateur Bagel & Café was on the top of the list, and a must-visit in the books. St-Viateur's shoppe greets you with the smell of freshly baked bagels cascading down a ramp ready to be packed into a bag for you to enjoy warm. Bagels can be eaten plain, or with your choice of spread, or used in a sandwich.I tried the "all dressed" and sesame seed bagels. Unlike the New York style bagel, the "all dressed" aka everything was missing a key ingredient: salt. Other than that, it was a decent bagel. I loved the sesame seed bagel - it was crunchy and sweet; and not very doughy. Even if you save a bagel for the next day, they are still soft inside. But why would you wait that long - it's best eaten right out of the oven.
I came here on a friend's recommendation and hands down better than NYC bagels. I know that is bold statement but I will stand by it.This bagel shop offers no frills, no thrills, just good substantive gustation. Their most popular is the sesame seed bagel. There is always a line but fear not, it is not ridiculous (depending on the hour of the day you come.)We brought back a dozen for our friend in SF, 3 days later, they are still tasty.
I happen to like both St. Viateur and Fairmount Bakery. I've visited and bought from both bakeries, both of whom share similar points in the product they specialize in:- Both are open 24/7 to appease the appetites of drunk Montrealers and late-night snackers. - Both of their bagels are chewy and made fresh on the spot. - Both enjoy a long list of loyal patrons. I think that St. Viateur is better known for offering more traditional bagel flavours such as plain, sesame and poppy seed, while Fairmount offers different flavours. To further investigate this rivalry, I've asked former Montrealers which ones were their favourite bagel shop. Their answers have been pretty diplomatic, admitting that in this particular neighbourhood, there are a few bagel shops around so depending on your personal preference, you either go to one bagel shop than the other.As a Torontonian, I just wish we had a plethora of bagel shops for us to argue about which ones is the best. I'm jealous of the Montreal bagel rivalry.
It was cool to see the bagels in the making when I walked inside St. Viateur.  There was soooo many bagels...it was great!I got their signature sesame bagel.  I was a little bummed that they don't spread cream cheese for you (have to get packaged cream cheese).  However, the bagel came out hot and fresh.  The bagel (without cream cheese) was tasty, a little sweet, and the sesame seeds gave a little kick to the bagel.
Sweet & chewy.  Great price & fast service.  I'll be back!
I'm from NY and we take our bagels seriously here!These bagels are my favorite!! They are chewy on the outside, soft in the inside.  The dough melts in your mouth. The store is small and has an old charm.  You can see the bagel making process as you order.  I've had the poppy and sesame seed bagels from here.  We even brought some back home.Stop by if you are ever in town!!
Here's the thing.  If you are expecting a NY style bagel, it's not it.   But, what you will get, is a different kind of bagel.  The sesame seed and everything bagels were pretty awesome.  They were even more awesome when they were warm and fresh.  The cinnamon raisin bagel? Not so much.  It was kind of dense and a little bland.I think this is worth a drive by and stopping in if you have time, but not necessarily a "must" eat.
The original, often imitated never duplicated.
We had the same expression as Anthony Bourdain did after taking the first bite.  It's good, but not THAT good.  Definitely not worth the 50 min walk for sure.  I didn't find the crust all that crispy.  server was very friendly.
My second favorite montreal bagel place!
I am not sure why this place is open 24 hours a day? Are there that many people that get bagel cravings in the middle of the night?I came here with my cousin since she read in one of her guidebooks that this is THE place for bagels. I'm from NYC, so I wasn't expecting much (I live a hop and a skip from one of the best Jewish delis). When we entered, it was quite impressive to see the big wood burning stove where they make the bagels, as well as the large pile of bagels that were done. Down one side of the shop were drinks and the other were fridges stocked with all sorts of packaged condiments for your bagel. It's like a supermarket dedicated to bagels.We were a bit disappointed since we were hoping for sandwiches but oh well. We grabbed "all dressed" & sesame bagels, and a carton of whitefish salad (my spread of choice). There were no where to sit as many have noted. Apparently this is the factory and St-Viateur has many other cafes around Montreal that actually offers seating and freshly made bagel sandwiches. Wish I knew that well ahead of time since it was raining and we had to find a bench on the street to sit on while propping up our umbrellas to eat.The bagels were good. The sesame one is definitely fresher and softer since its turnaround is faster. The all dressed bagel was well encrusted in all the toppings but I wished there were more onions since it's one of my favorites. The bagel itself was a bit doughy but tasty, they say they dipped it in honey water before baking.I suggest trying their bagel in one of their cafes. There's quite a few, just find one near wherever you're staying. It's probably also better when they actually make it for you fresh on the spot rather than buy the ones here in the factory shop, usually it's bought in bulk here and people reheat it at home. Plus, you wouldn't have to spend insane amount of money to buy all the packaged condiments to make one decent sandwich, especially with the packaged salmon. Skip the "original" unless it's 3 o'clock in the morning and you must have a good bagel.
When a bagel place only sells 3 types of bagels, with no frills (no giant tubs of cream cheese, no line of workers preparing bagel sandwiches), and has a constant line of bagels going in and out of the oven (fun to watch, by the way)...you know it has to be good.  I picked up both sesame and plain bagels while strolling around the neighborhood...sorry, "neighbourhood".  The sesame bagel has sesames all over it, not just on top, and are toasted to a yummy goodness.  They're only 60 cents each- and are warm, chewy and flavorful (there's a touch of honey in the bagel dough).  Add your own cream cheese and smoked salmon and it's heaven!  I was in NYC binging on Manhattan's finest bagels last weekend and these Montreal bagels blow them out of the water!  Only downside is parking- can never find a spot near this place.
I have to say I was a little disappointed. No doubt these are good bagels, but I don't really see the point of eating a bagel plain. I thought you were supposed to eat them with obscene amounts of cream cheese??NYC style bagels FTW...
Trekked here the day after a serious blizzard slammed Montreal in 2008 and to say the roads and sidewalks were a mess would be an understatement. Between the buses and the walk, it took almost 45 minutes to arrive. At the time, we had no idea that St-Viateur had a sit-down cafe in Mont Royal that was a couple metro stops away from where we were staying, so we trekked all this way only to have no place to sit and eat our bagels. Did this matter to us? No. These bagels were so damn good that we forgot how tired our legs were and I ended up taking a dozen back home with me. Every bagel I've had since then gets measured to St-Viateur's awesomeness. I'll take Montreal-style bagels any day of the week over the NYC varieties.
C'mon people. Set the bar a little higher. NOTHING to see here, move along... If you think this is a great bagel, then you need to see a bit more of the world than your little square. Shame on Fodors for promoting this simple bakery.
Having already mentioned the bagels our next stop was obviously St. Viateur and much like Schwartz's my question walking in the door was how something so simple could garner so much press...I mean, sure I did not grown up in a bagel town like New York and my sample size is rather low but honestly I'd never had a bagel that made me say 'wow.'Set on a the road for which it is named St. Viateur is actually more than one store and with some locations opened 24/7 while others hold more traditional hours it took a bit of finagling the GPS to sort out which was which before we arrived at the small shop and walking through the doors I realized right away that part of what made the space was the experience - three men standing around a wood fired oven and large vats of water hand rolling the bagels, boiling them, and loading/unloading them from the flames.  Friendly but busy one of the men broke away from his work to take our order and after a moment weighing the options I decided to make it easy - half a dozen (2 of each flavor) plus a block of cream cheese - and settling the modest tab made my way to the street as there is no place to sit at St. Viateur.With the bag toasty warm in my hand and the smell of dough and yeast still fresh in my nares it would not be long after emerging to the streets before we opened up the bag and with my mother and aunt preferring a schmear  (Philadelphia Cream Cheese - nothing special) I went with my tastes plain and tasting each in succession I was adequately impressed by the slight crunch of the exterior giving way to a supple chew within, but still not 'wowed.'  Semi-sweet and certainly different from any other bagel I've tasted before or since I particularly enjoyed the Sesame Seed option while the Poppy Seed and Plain were equally well textured but not as interestingly flavored.  Certainly understanding the simple bagel's cultural importance and the fact that St. Viateur seems to be everything right what I'll take away most from my visit was the experience of watching the bakers at work - in the end it just seems I'm not a bagel guy, no matter how good.
Excellent bagels. My Canadian friends demand I bring back some for them everytime my family and I go up to Montreal. This bagel shop is typical of the stores in Mile-End - small, quaint, traditional. The bagels are hand rolled, boiled and baked. They are skinny but very tasty - not like the plump but tasteless ones in Boston. They have a decent selection of lox also.These bagels are great with latte or coffee from Cafe Olympico (yelp.ca/biz/cafe-olympic…) which is just half a block towards St. Urbain.
There are only a few bagels out there that can taste amazing without anything on it.  So is the case at St-Viateur.  I've been to Montreal three times, and each time I've always gotten a St-Viateur bagel.I've been to both this location and the Mont St. Royal cafe.  The cafe is a sit-down joint that sells bagel sandwiches and with whatever spreads you want.  This location only sells bagels and tubs of cream cheese, packages of salmon, and whatever else you would normally put on your bagel, and there are no tables (think H&H in NYC).  They do sell individual-sized containers of cream cheese, but honestly you won't need it.  The day I went here (New Year's Day), they only had plain, sesame, and poppyseed bagels.  I was sad the "tout garni" ("all dressed," aka everything) bagel wasn't available, but the poppyseed more than satisfied my bagel craving.  The very subtle sweetness from the honey water the bagels were boiled in give the bagels a pleasantly different taste.  The dough itself has a texture like a fresh pretzel and doesn't feel as dense as a NYC bagel.  Best of all, since the bagels are constantly made in the wood-fire oven right before your eyes, you're sure to get a warm, soft, fresh bagel, and nothing beats that.  Oh, and they're only .60 CAD.  You definitely can't compare Montreal bagels to NYC bagels; the size, taste, and even shape are different.  But if you love your carbs, you'll definitely love St-Viateur!
bagels french and dense,arrive early to saint velse most kinds sold out
I liked the other bagel shop marginally better. Not enough to make a difference in stars though. I won't be back, I prefer NY bagels.
Few things in life can compare with a St. Viateur bagel hot from the oven.  It is one of life's greatest simple pleasures, and should feature on Maslow's hierarchy of needs.I love poppy and sesame.  I beg friends and family to mail me bagels from St. Viateur.  They freeze well and toast up nicely.If you're going to freeze them, cut them when they're still fresh and THEN freeze them.  But they are best hot and fresh and melt-in-your-mouth perfect.
I don't know if it was all the hype that ruined it for me but I really wasn't impressed.  FYI to people following Frommer's guide to Montreal - there's no seating, just a small area for you to stand and eat.  This is a no frills shop that takes their bagel making seriously.  I had the poppy seed and sesame bagel with 2 sides of over priced cream cheese and one bottle of OJ.  I don't know how else to put it - I was underwhelmed.  Maybe they weren't fresh or maybe I should have stuck with the original that other Yelpers seem to love.  Personally, I'm a bigger fan of Absolute Bagels in NYC - call me crazy.
Ok, so I'm not going to say they are better than NYC bagels. Why? Because these Montreal bagels are a different beast than their cousins in the States. These are slightly smaller and thinner. St. Viateur's come in a variety of flavors. At this shop you can come and get them hot out of the oven at all times. I recommend immediately tearing into one while it's still warm and soft. Then you'll realize how heavenly light and fluffy they are. I walked down the street devouring one. This location sells only bagels and has a cooler full of cream cheeses, assorted bagel toppings, and cold beverages. I wish I had a bagel joint like this in L.A. to walk to on a lazy weekend morning. Oh, and they are AS good as NYC bagels. Yum!
The BEST Bagels in Montreal... you can't find them out of the city this good. Not your regular, new-york style - these are soooo much better! The sesame is the best!
As a bagel connoisseur (I'm a Jew, it's in my genes) I'll have to say that these are some of the best bagels I've had. It's no Rosenfeld's, that's for sure but I suppose it's hard to compare French-Canadian bagels to Jewton, MA bagels. So, I'll just say these are some of the best, if not THE best bagels in the city. Here's what you do: 1.Buy a dozen bagels(prefereably of whatever was just baked), a package of lox and a nicely sized tub of cream cheese. 2. Find a nice spot outside (park bench, etc. etc.) or your brother's car. 3. Be the designated bagel maker for ALL FOUR PEOPLE IN THE EFFING CAR 4. Slice a bagel, smear with cream cheese, layer with lox. Devour. Repeat. 5. Exclaim: Oy vey! or Mon dieu!! (considering the locale) etc. etc. There you have it. 12 bagels serve 4 with 4 bagels leftover. (you do the math).
It's probably more closely related to the NYC street pretzel than it is to the NYC bagel. My standard bagel test is toasted plain with plain cream cheese. This definitely delivered. The hint of sweetness is just like POW!... awesome. I took one star off for the small size, but I'm kind of a big American dude. For better or for worse, we like larger portion sizes than our friends to the north.
The best bagel I've had. The bagel is thinner than NYC bagel and it's softer as well. The cream cheese with garlic is great, a better option than the regular.I went to the store on Mont Royal St. and they have a great seating area with newspapers and a big window to the street. A great place to relax and have breakfast.
These bagels are as good a bagel can get. For me, these bagels define what a Montreal bagel is...
These bagels have converted me into a bagel snob.  I compare every single bagel that a put into my mouth against their high standards.  I can honestly say that the only bagel I've had which I've enjoyed more came out of my own kitchen. When I first walked into the store, I was met with the sweet, warm aroma of bread contrasted with the slight smoky tinge of a wood oven.  In the corner, you can see a man rolling bagels from a batch of dough large enough to fill a Jacuzzi.  The bagels are placed on long planks and put into the oven to cook, then flipped out into large bins.  The entire store is packed with bags of flour, barrels of toppings, and neatly wrapped bagels ready for delivery.   The service is quick, but friendly.  This isn't a place where you can sit around and chat, but they will give you a small knife to spread cream cheese on your bagels.  Although, I suggest eating them without anything on top; the bagel is flavourful enough.  The selection of flavours is not extensive.  Poppy seed and sesame seed and the classics; I usually get a half dozen of each for a total of about $6.80.   The real reason to buy the bagels here, as opposed to as a local store is that they're still warm.  Your order is picked out from the freshest barrel, placed in a paper bag, and handed over without much further ado.  The bagels themselves are dense and chewy.  They are slightly sweet and have a light woody undertone.  They're delicious fresh, toasted, with or without toppings, or just eaten out of hand.
I went to check out St. Viateur and their bagels were amazing! It is open 24/7 and I actually got to see them make the bagels from scratch. From cutting the dough to boiling them to baking in a brick oven, they are all handmade. They have the regular plain and sesame bagels but they offer other classics like poppy seeds and organic varieties as well. Every single one is crunchy on the outside but warm and soft on the inside.However, you will most probably get what's coming out of the oven. If they don't have any of the less popular ones available, tough luck, because they are not going to make a batch just for you. Personally, I stick with what's fresh from the oven. Get a bag of 'em with some cream cheese and smoked salmon from the fridge and make yourself the meal ever! Now that's some late night snack that we need in Chicago.
OMG I am a pastry chef and these are sooo good....  You can eat these without anything on it thats how good they are and you get them as they come out of the oven....  This is bagel heaven if I ever found one...  LOLMontreal is beautiful as it is and this just makes the trip that much more worth it...
Bagel wars of Montreal...So I don't like this place's style of bagel when compared to Fairmount Bagels or Faubourg Bagel.
On this visit we did not have time to try the bagels from Fairmont, but definitely loved the bagels at St-Viateur. So much so we got a dozen for the trip home. They were still hot when they went into the bag. The car smelled great for hours!
Picked up several dozen of my favorite sesame bagels on our way home, and had 2 of them right out of the bag.  So good.  A few bags are supposed to be given to family but it's going to be hard parting with them!
This is your perfect place to bring someone after going out.Instead of going to macdonald or some fast food joint this place is cheaper,healthier and quicker than any fast food store.Plus you can grab something for breakfast the next day.No matter what time i go i always see people baking fresh bagel.I'm more of a conservative guy so i usually take sesame bagel or butter bagel.Hope this help,Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
Wow, Luke my review for Fairmont reads eerily similar to yours.  I swear it was independent...Anyway, I thought that St. Viateur had excellent bagels.  For me it was a tossup between them and Fairmont, but I gave slight preference to the latter because I thought theirs were a little more moist and chewy.Both are incredibly good and put a smile on my face.
Really tasty bagels, slightly on the sweet side but not too much. Tried both the sesame and the poppy and loved both.
I think NY bagels and Montreal bagels are both very good.  i don't think one is better than the other.  i enjoy a good cup of coffee with my bagel, that makes my day!  after sampling a bagel from the Fairmount bagel, I decided to try another one at St Viateur.  My second bagel for breakfast....hmmm, still yummy!
Bagels were good, but I prefer a good New York style over these. Prices for sandwich (with bagel instead of bread) were higher than expected - $10-$13 if I recall.  No credit cards was a disappointment and the neighborhood is not fantastic.
Hands down the best bagel in Montreal. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise or try to steer you to Fairmount.
These are probably the best bagels I have eaten on the entire continent and I've been to many bagel spots across the country. Whenever I am in Montreal (I'm from DC), I make sure to stop by here and get a few bagels. This shop is open 24 hours and continuously makes fresh and warm bagels. I always get the poppy and sesame seed ones, and they do not disappoint. You know how some bagels are dry or just tasteless? Well these ones are moist and have a tiny honey (or just a delectable) taste with them. I usually put cream cheese or eggs and ham on ordinary bagels, but these ones I just have warm out of the oven. Worth noting, that they still use a brick oven stove. No point in saving them for later; I just eat them as soon as I leave the bagel shop.
This is totally not the bagel that I grew up eating - it's very different from the NY style bagel most of us are familiar with - it's smaller, denser and has a lot more flavor throughout the bagel - the plain ones tasted a bit on the sweet side.  They were probably the tastiest bagels I've ever had - I was pretty happy with eating mine dry with a cup of coffee (not something I'd try with most NY style bagels which all but require butter, cream cheese, lox, etc.
Doughy. Is it really a bagel? Great atmosphere and fun to watch them flip the bagel. Got it to go and walked down the street munching away.
I am a montrealer that has tried bagels in other cities, and I have to say that these are not your tipical bagels.  They have a crisp outer layer and are far less bready in the middle, the flavor is also more buttery. I usually get 6 sesame and 6 poppy to round out my happy dozens, If you dont plan to eat them all within a few days, I suggest you cut them in half and freeze them while there fresh.  They will be easier to toast when your ready for them.  I also usually buy the astro cream cheese as the lighter texture makes an awsome spread, (especially if you add butter), and the salmon spead is also delish.  If you planning a brunch, consider bagels, cut into small bite sizes with an assortment of spreads like salmon, creme cheese, jams and preserved, or hummus, cheeses or fresh berries (ex bluberries).  My favorites way to enjoy is toasted bagels, topped cream cheese, smoked salmon, capers, onion, a slice of lemon, a slice of fresh tomato and fresh ground pepper.....mmmmmm mouth watering good
it's not good.my bagel was hard and extremely dense.  i found it difficult to bite into without having a tooth fall out.  NYC bagels top Montreal's any day.not sure why there is so much hype over this place.
The chief competitor of Fairmount Bagel. However, it is not as good. The basic form and technique are quite similar, but their bagels are undercooked and more doughy. They also will not slice a bagel and spread cream cheese. They hand it to you with a plastic knife and a tear pack of Philadelphia cream cheese and send you to a corner table to make your own. Not bad, but not Fairmount.
Wow. Amazing bagels on the cheap (about $4 CA for a half dozen).  The only blemish is that they try and get you in and out, but that's understandable as the line behind us grew to about 10 people in the two minutes we were there.  Still, probably the best sesame seed bagel I've ever had.
I had been hearing about how good Montreal bagels were and everything was pointing towards St Viateur.  I wandered over with a friend thinking we would get lunch there, my assumption was we could sit down with some coffee, maybe try a bagel sandwich.  The show itself was not what we expected at all.  Most of the area it taken up with baking equipment and supplies. There is a small area with a register and a few items like cream cheese.  No eating on site or anything like that.  However the bagels are very good and very cheap.  They are chewy and a little sweet.  I recommend any bagel fan go and visit to try their bagels
Chewy with an almost nutty flavour and is the perfect size for it's denseness.  Fantastic plain with a coffee.  Must be eaten fresh and hot to truly have the ultimate bagel eating experience.  Also, they have a fantastic canvas tote bag that I highly reccommend purchasing to carry away your dozen.  It's the best reuseable shopping bag I own and the cartoon bagel illustration on the front of it makes me happy.
Maybe I'm just not a bagel enthusiast but I was not that impressed with St.Viateur Bagel. Maybe I had just never had a truly delicious bagel before but they didn't taste all that spectacular to me. I did find it awesome watching them oven bake the fresh bagels. It would have been better if the were not black in places where they were burnt. I guess that is the way they are suppose to be. I can't say they were worth the energy but other people do. Stop by if you really like bagels or you can go to Mattoon's Bagelfest in July for something better.
Try it while it's hot
my friends i was visiting told me that the bagels were a must try in montreal.  they told us these were different than the ones from the states because they were chewier.  the way she described it was like how a brownie is different from cake.  i don't really  need that much convincing to try new food, anyways.  i asked the clerk which one was the most popular, and she told me it was the sesame bagel.  they were indeed chewier than their american cousins, and i quite enjoyed the texture.  i just had it plain, but next time i'll be sure to get it all dressed up.
I was craving bagels and my roommate recommended St Viateur.  I didn't realize there are different "types" of bagels, so I was expecting the NYC bagel.  As so many yelpers pointed out before me, it is not like the NYC bagel at all.  It is also on the sweeter side, maybe slightly too sweet for my taste for bagels, but still pretty good especially since we got them fresh out of the oven.  I only tried the sesame bagels as I'm not a huge fan of the poppey seeds.  My roommate got the smaller, harder sweet bagels and she liked them.  Bottom line, not my favorite bagels ever, but definitely enough to satisfy my bagel craving and worth the drive.  I will go back for more.
I tried all the famous bagel spots in Montreal and St- Viateur had the best imo, but all the bagels I had were good. I thought the staff here was great too. I have shitty eyesight and had a hard time counting Canadian change so they gave me a a currency lesson while customers were behind me =D
In my extensive bagel-eating career, I can say without question that the best one can be found here.
Best bagel you will ever get, anywhere, by far. Up there in the 10 most memorable things about my years in Montreal and enough to make me consider moving back. And I don't really like bagels.They're constantly turning out fresh batches so if you get there in time and are lucky enough to get a dozen hot sesame bagels straight from the oven, you'll know what I mean.
After starting off with Fairmount bagels, my husband and I were ready to write off Montreal bagels as being a matter of taste (with that taste being total crap).   However, we decided to give St Viateur's a try before giving up and it was so worth it.  We asked the man behind the counter to just give us whatever was fresh out of the oven, so we wound up with two sesame seed bagels. Neither of us are really sesame fans, but these were so good that I'll consider sesame in the future.  So fresh and yummy I can see why they're famous.
simply: the best bagels in the world!!!
I was so looking forward to tasting the best of the famous Montreal-style bagels, which turned out to be, sadly, a disappointment. I suppose it is possible that you either like the New York-style bagels or this stuff they sell in Montreal. But I'm starting to think that you either like bagels (in which case NY wins), or you haven't tasted them yet, or that you have, but loyalty and pride get in the way of facing the truth. The place was charming enough. They seem serious about making bagels and perfectly friendly. Trouble is, the poppy-seed covered product I bought just wasn't all that good. Perhaps too sweet, or too hard, but most importantly just not flavorful or tasty enough to be called a good bagel. I hate to use the word cardboard-y, but it kind of was. Again, I must be hopelessly biased and spoiled, and variety is apparently the spice of life, but I am certainly sticking with the NY-style bagels! If you insist on trying the Montreal variety, this place is as good as any. But consider yourself warned.
One of the best bagel shops I've been to.  Certainly more dense and a bit sweeter than bagels in Boston, but not too sweet.
The best thing about the institution that is the St. Viateur Bagel Shop is not the bagels (which are amazing; in fact they're so good that a few months after moving to Toronto I ordered four dozen off the website) but the fact that it's open 24 hours a day, thus making it possible to obtain said amazing bagels when you're struck by cravings in the middle of the night.
Really fun Italian cafe. Great coffee, equally great ambiance. Fabulous, real service. Décor (and the ceiling!) very cool. A true Italian Cafe in the Mile End district.CASH ONLY!
Cafe Olimpico was founded by Rocco Furfaro and has been around since 1970.  I love their little story where there was a sign that stated this cafe was 'Open Day and Night' - however, as years passed by, a few letters dropped and it read 'Open Da Night' - a fond nickname that now has stuck.  Nestled in the Mile End area, this little cafe has small little bistro tables and a large coffee bar that offers different beverage varieties.  I stopped by to get a cup of espresso, and as other espresso stops, this was also strong and more on the bitter end.  I was a little disappointed that the cup was only filled 1/4, rather than the typical 1/2 portion.  The baristas here are friendly and seem to have a great time - you stand in line up by the coffee bar and just order; you then pay, and since your beverage is made-to-order, you wait until you receive your cup.  There seems to be plenty of seats, and there are additional seats out in their little patio.  However, there is no exit from the patio, so the only way to exit is to come back inside the cafe again to leave through their main entrance.  +espresso cup not filled properly T___T+order, pay, and wait in line for your beverages+friendly baristas+plenty of seats inside and on their patio available+no exit from the patio
Cute little coffee shop in the mile end. Prior to coming here, I've never understood why people called this place an coffee institution and upon arrival at the coffee shop, I couldn't agree more. It's quite different from all the other indie coffee shops I've been to, Olimpico resembles a Italian bar/coffee shop, frequent by people of all ages. Now for the actual coffee: truly worth the hype. I had a cortado latte (introduced to me by my friend Ann) and it was probably one of the best coffee experiences I've had to date. If I dare to say, it may be even better than the latte I had at Dave's coffee in San Fran.
This place is awesome! After stuffing my face full of Wilensky Specials down the road, I was in need of some rest and relaxation. It was unseasonably warm out, so the outdoor patio was perfect and the WiFi allowed me to check some emails on the go. They only take cash, but luckily I had enough on hand my for my friend and I to squeeze out a couple espresso drinks along with a modest tip. The tip was well deserved as the baristas are obviously getting high on their own caffeine supply. One of them was even singing along to DMX "Where my dogs at?" as though he himself was an aspiring Rough Rider. This prompted the waiting customers and other employees to respond with a resounding "Right here dog!". DMX, Italian machismo, delicious espresso... what more could you ask for? Ride or Die bitches!
The hot chocolate is really good here. It's such a nice place to grab a coffee. The staff is nice and in the summer, sitting outside is the best.
A classic in the Mile-End.Very friendly & knowledgable staff when it comes to anything coffee or coffee-related. Lots of Italian specialities and a very tight-knit, community-oriented space. Always worth a visit in the area.
After 2 years in Montreal, I finally made it to Café Olimpico. I ended up going on what was quite possibly the hottest and most humid day in recent memory, so I ditched my usual latte, instead getting a delightful treat called a crema di caffè, which is something between an espresso mousse and espresso soft serve. Yum!The atmosphere is lively, so this isn't the place to get serious work done, but it's perfect for an afternoon of people watching or catching up with friends.I will definitely be back.
Really good coffee joint that didn't disappoint particularly having such a high reputation with the locals. Great taste, good pricing, fast and friendly service. All the fixings. I enjoyed my cappuccino so much that I even bought a bag of their coffee beans and have been grinding away at that bag over the last few months. 5 Stars!
Worth the walk in freezing temps for warm cafe au lait and delicious chocolate pistachio biscotti. The staff was super friendly and they like to sing (on this particular morning 80s hits). This place is a like a bar with no booze. I want to chill here all day.
Stopped by here on my way for some fresh bagels and the coffee didn't disappoint. What sticks out about this cafe and this neighbourhood is the very apparent culture in the way shops are set up, the way people act and dress, and the distinct attitudes of almost everyone. This place reeks of Montreal and it's fantastic. So if you're from out of town, waltz on by this place on a Sunday morning to do some people watching and make sure to stop by here for your coffee needs.
Café Olimpico (@cafeolimpico) was opened back in 1970 and I'm sure there's a reason why it remain so popular. This was another recommendation from friends as the best coffee in Montreal and it was only a few steps away from our lunch spot here, so just had to drop by.As per their website :Café Olimpico's strong heritage and authenticity is mirrored by it's house-blend coffee that has remained a family's secret recipe for nearly half a century. Our coffee offers a selected balance of Arabica coffee beans from Central and South America, roasted to perfection and brought together to give you an irresistibly smooth and sweet taste. Its fine aromas and intense flavours will be sure to tantalize your taste buds.As I step inside I was totally taken aback form the huge line up but fortunately, it does move fairly quickly. With the huge tv, it's perfect to hang out if you want to catch a game or hang out in their fairly large patio on warmer days. Plus they open until Midnight 7 days a week.No fancy flashy coffee machine here, just the old sturdy block.Cappuccino~ We each got a cappuccino and this is was a fairly "old-school" foamy version without the cute latte art. I found the foam/milk to airy for me which resulted in a not as smooth creation as I prefer while the coffee/espresso itself was slightly aromatic, I would prefer a darker roast.~ On a side note, I also noticed that all coffee places in Montreal will ask if you want sugar in your espresso drink while none will ask here in Toronto and most other places I visited (maybe Montrealer like sweet coffees)Verdict:~ I would say it's not my cut of coffee but I'm still glad I tried.~ But would love to come back just for the atmosphere and since we didn't get a chance to sit down this time.
What a great local coffee shop in Montreal. In a city located with tons of coffee shops and bakeries, Cafe Olimpico stands on top of my list. Drinks:- cappuccino made from fresh beans was really good- cafe au let was deliciousLikes:- it's nice to see people hanging out watching the football games sober : )- great place to hang out, drinking coffee and watching the games- good assortment of hot beverages- 4 to 5 TV's with a large drop down projector- barista staff is entertaining and friendly- staple coffee shop in Montreal- free wifi- outdoor seatingDislikes:- a bit hot inside- line to get a drink can get long especially on a Sunday afternoon I would definitely come back!!
Great ambience - the staff are very friendly. Nothing bad to say about this place. I simple had a tea and a piece of tiramisu - which was yummy and so cute packaged!
Was treated so poorly. Always enjoyed coming here because of the good coffee but not anymore. I asked the price if I were to add something to my order and the barista mumbled something about making his job easier and then when I was getting my change back he said "not that you're tipping me either" quite loudly. Found it extremely rude and uncalled for. Not going back.
I have only nice things to say about this cafe with exception of- I wish I lived closer to it! Perfect latte, in every way. The most delicious little donut. A long line that moved quickly. A good amount of seating both inside and outside, though I don't know when is a good time to arrive for indoor seating because the place was packed when I was there. This place is going to make it hard to drink coffee anywhere else!
Cute baristas, great coffee, super strong Wifi, a great outdoor patio to people watch, what more do you need?
Meh! I've had good caffè experiences but let me tell you something. If you have not made it to Olimpico yet then your are missing out on genuine greatness - I mean it! Paesan, after briefly waiting in line for a few minutes, distracted by the soccer jerseys and hockey banners, a masterfully prepared and aromatic cappuccino was laid down on the counter, just begging for me to enjoy. Without hesitation I proceeded to the best seats at this fine establishment, which in my opinion are the tall bar stools behind the granite counters facing out the street in the wide open patio windows. Here you can breathe in the fresh spring air and watch early risers walk on St-Viateur street in the Mile End district for hours.Here's a secret tip for you... to avoid the line ups, come here on Saturday mornings! The hustle and bustle atmosphere is intoxicating with baristas calling and whistling at their guests, gorgeous donnas lining up for their preferred coffee to go, 80s tunes playing in the background, young parents with their bambinos chuckling along, regulars chatting across the coffee bar and bursting into passionate conversations next to the monstrous coffee machine, what's there not to love? Me I'm convinced in my brain that this place will be here for generations to come - that's for sure. The talented baristas here serve great coffee, the people are friendly, the location is central. Sometimes we forget that the best things in life are simple and we should remind ourselves to stop and savor the moment.Vince and Forde, molto grazie (thank you) for keeping it real and helping shape this Montreal institution for all to enjoy. Now I go to my next destination but I swear, I will come back, perhaps with my buddy Alessandro. Hope to see you again soon soon!
Bonjour Montreal! I found this charming coffee place on a Yelp search. Only one opened at 7am on a Sunday morning. Great croissants, amazing coffee. Oui, Madame! Ca va bien!Super funny and charm, yes, the two super stars baristas... you guessed it right! My only complaint: AC was too cold, when the outdoor temperature was chilly.  Or maybe it was just me that still had the tropics running through my veins. This place was so good, me and my friend came two days in a row. I'm going to miss their coffee. And the Barista with the Salvador Dali mustache...
Very cheap and very friendly.  Guys picked up on my buddy's Buffalo Bills cap and proceeded to talk up the no huddle offense.  Well done Canada. 5 out of 5 bearded baristas.
I came for the first time a few months ago. My experience was awful, but was back in Montreal at a friend's place nearby and thought I needed to give the place another try since its rating is so high and pause seems almost universal. Unfortunately, this second experience perfectly reflected the first. The gentlemen working were cold, rude and condescending. Perhaps i should come back during the day instead of evening as they must have 4.5 stars for a reason, but I just can't figure out how. Both times I've come here the staff behaved as if they were doing me a favour by even taking my order (last time they wouldn't let me order unless I took my tea to go... 40 minutes before closing...). This time the person in front of me was also greeted with rudeness, so at least I feel less alone in my bad experience with this place. I'd love to say "third time's a charm" but I think I've given up.
Cafe Olimpico represents a cornerstone of Mille end Montreal!  Every great urban neighbourhood needs a great coffee bar/hangout/local establishment/place to watch Habs games/place to watch World Cup or Euro football. Donald Trump is a fervent preacher of location...location...location!  You can't get a better street corner location in the heart of Mille End (quickly becoming one of my favourite neighbourhoods)!  On this fine spring day I came here after a lunch down the street and wanted to pop in for a Cap (Cappuccino) to go.  Well, to my amazement game 2 of the second round playoffs of Habs vs. Bruins was on and the place was packed to the gills!  With every move or mistake you could hear the crowd cheer or moan!  Awesome atmosphere!  The crowd was mostly men some sportin Canadiens Jersey's some just looked like they woke up!  Awesome energy!!!  The corner cafe represents an important place in many people's lives as it provides the fuel to keep many of us going!  Back to my cap, for $2.50 you can't go wrong!  Flavour is medium...not too strong.. and even though I waited in line for a while it was well worth it!  You don't experience the feeling that you get at Cafe Olimpico at a Second Cup, Tim Horton's or Starbucks!  These mega corporations strive to bottle and sell what CO can deliver and exceed!  A true institution!  Come by....you shan't be disappointed!
I went in tonight at 11:30pm to sit down for a quick cup of coffee. Seeing as they close at midnight, and there were half a dozen tables seated with full drinks, I thought I had time to sit down. I was told they close in 10 minutes, not in 30. I asked if they stayed open until midnight. I was sarcastically told they close "whenever', and " that's just the restaurant business."Having worked in the restaurant business myself, there were some better ways to deal with this situation, none of which involve sarcastically snapping at the customer. He could have recommended to get my drink in a to-go cup so I could leave with my drink if I wasn't finished before they closed. I my experience, we wouldn't turn away customers if the restaurant was pretty full close to closing time.I understand the staff wanting to go home after a long day, but it never justifies a snarky attitude.
Awesome place with awesome staff and great espresso. I really liked this spot. Everyman type of coffee shop, cool but not pretentious. With the open windows on a beautiful September day made it even better. Also had a couple of TVs on with sports and news. Staff was very friendly and upbeat, made you feel welcome.
Best coffee and croissants in North America.
I usually avoid writing bad reviews but this time I couldn't help myself: it is not my first time there and the coffee's usually ok, however, a few days ago, what I was served was the worst coffee I've had in years in Montreal. I understand that this place is an institution and to be fair, it is a nice coffee shop. That being said, this should not mean that the barrista should haphazardly grind an amount of beans without even removing any excess...BARELY pressing down on the coffee....basically, worse than an amateur. I took a sip of my latte, tried adding sugar but that only made it more disgusting, threw it away. I had two other friends with me who had espressos and it was also a bad experience for them too. To Olympico's staff, sorry again but I really hope you do something about the quality of the coffee you serve.
Saw this place on a couple of blogs and on here (of course!) so after picking up my bagels at St-Viateurs and looking down the street and seeing lo and behold, Cafe Olimpico was right down the street from it, I was excited to go to one of the higher reccomended places for caffinated goodness. Through some of the tips I saw to get the Cafe Frappe.... wasn't exactly sure what this was and after recieving it the best description I have for it that people would understand is its a Coffee Slushie. And boy oh boy was it good.... you can get it with milk but if you do like your coffee strong (I do) don't bother with the milk... its already sweetened so its not gonna be super bitter at all, just really nice when u need a pick me up and a little bit of coldness on a hot summer day. I really enjoyed this and I want to try more next time and have a sit down and relax time in there..... Try it out, it lives up to most the hype no doubt.
apres gouter leur petit allongé, j'ai bien compris pourquoi il y a toujours bcp de monde. tres bon café!
After getting bagels at Fairmont, my bf and I ducked in here on our way to St. Viateur (cause obviously you have to try both of the top-rated bagel places to confirm which one is the best). I had heard a lot about Olimpico and their stellar coffees so I really wanted to give their drinks a try, despite not being a huge coffee drinker (I prefer tea to coffee any day). Well, let's just say that if all cafes served coffee as well as Olimpico does, I'd be converted to a coffee-lover overnight. I ordered the café allongé avec lait (otherwise known as a lungo, in Italian, this is a long or stretched or slow-dripped espresso). It was perfectly creamy, with just the right amount of sugar. Usually, when I ask baristas (especially those in the US) to add sugar to my coffee, they overdo it. This was simply a cup of heaven. Rich without being overpoweringly bitter, smooth, creamy, nutty, earthy, and ending on a subtle but bright sweet note. It was truly the best coffee/espresso/latte I've ever had!Drinks: 4/5 -- fantastic! Coffee like you've never had it before!Service: 5/5 -- very friendly, jovial, welcoming, accommodating (they accepted US dollars), and quick/efficient (without sacrificing the quality of the drinks)Atmosphere: 4/5 -- open, spacious, casual, though I can see it turning into a somewhat pub-ish atmosphere during events, sports games, etc.; It's definitely not your cute, read-a-book, living room-esque cafeOverall: 4.5/5 --fantastic coffee shop!
Great coffee, atmosphere, and people watching.Simply put, Olimpico is the quintessential neighbourhood coffee shop. Great for a morning caffeine fix, date, or just to hang out with friends.Don't know what else I could possibly say.
We noticed this place a block away as there were a bunch of people milling around the entrance and in a nice outdoor patio area. You could easily tell it was a neighborhood favorite. The guy who took our order was great, they were quick despite a lot of customers, and the coffee was great. There is a lot of seating inside and outside and rugby playing on a tv in the back corner. No frills inside and the wifi was out while we were there, but you could definitely spend some time there on a laptop. I would definitely come back again.
Love this place.Fantastic espresso, cappuccino, or their unique, proprietary cafe crema imported from Italy (similar to coffee ice cream). Tremendous ambience with indoor and outdoor bench seating. The place is abuzz with energy, friendly and great staff, and is a wonderful people watching spot in the heart of Mile End. Muah.
Location: Mile End - like I mentioned in my Fabergé review, you'll either need to drive and hope to God that you find a parking spot, or use public transit, which in this case, will be a bus. The place: I'm going to Italy in June so I can't really compare Olimpico to the caffés in Rome, but when I walked in, I FELT like this is what Rome will be like so I used the experience as practice. Capisce? For a brief moment, I was in Rome, away from the cold and the white crap that Mother Nature decided to dump on us on what was allegedly Day 2 of Spring. Ahh bliss. Anyway, moving along.... so I walked in and immediately noticed two things: extremely dim lighting and brown. Lots of brown. I might be mistaken, but I'm pretty sure the decor is the same as when it originally opened. Not that I mind - I was going for the caffé. Service: First of all, there was a line-up when I walked in, and there was a line-up when I walked out. The place is constantly busy so be prepared to exercise some patience. The Barristas are not stressed out or in a hurry - they prepare each order slowly and diligently. Though slow, they are extremely talented at making that perfect cup of coffee. I had the best Macchiato EVER, right here. Too bad I only decided to get coffee beans after I finished my Macchiato - I had to get in line all over again. I don't know what it's like during the week, but on a Saturday, it's busy as all hell so don't expect to get a table unless you arrive at the butt-crack of dawn. That said, in the Summer (does that still exist?), they also have a terrace that you can use. Their prices are really decent - the Macchiato was $2.25 and a 500g bag of coffee cost me $15 - about $4-5 less than other places. They'll even grind your beans for you - just tell them what you're using the coffee for (Espresso, French Press etc.).Lastly, they had these delicious looking donuts that I wish I had tried. One of the guys took the top off the plate because the guy in front of me ordered one, and I was instantly hypnotized by the delectable scent that drifted into my nostrils. Mmmm yummo!Olimpico is an Montreal institution so if you're in the area, you have to go. They open at 7 a.m. and according to their sign, they're 'open in da night' too. Awesome.
The perfect location to take a breather, sip on an espresso, and enjoy a beautiful day in Montréal. This popular spot can also be a great place to get some work done if you've grown tired of working in a monotonous office... There's just the right amount of background noise to keep productivity flowing. The little "side" terrace (mainly bench-style seating beneath an awning) can potentially be a good area to get some fresh air if you are lucky enough to nab a seat that isn't surrounded by smoking customers.
My friends and I stopped in this Italian cafe for a morning coffee and the experience was made by the number of Italians gathered to watch the Italy/Uruguay World Cup 2014 game.The atmosphere was great and there's a lot of prime seating and free WIFI. The coffee is Italian style so the iced latte was a bit small but already had the perfect amount of sugar in it!
My favourite place for a cappucino in Montreal. Great cannoli too, but only on the weekend. They sell out at around 4:30, so don't delay! Nice patio too. Oh and grab a biscotti if the cannoli is sold out.
If you're spending time reading the reviews, you're wasting time not drinking this coffee. 5 stars. Boom. Enough said.
awesomely great caffè at extremely ridiculous price just the way we like!yes, service can be less than desired during high season but if you head there after work in the middle of fall season? no complaints whatsoever.i wanted a freddo but they were out so settle for a cappuccino. with the perfect weather, the cold drink would have been better. anyway, caffè was luscious, silky smooth, no strong aftertaste and the little cloud of love? heaven! took it sugar free since i had a cinnamon brioche with it. perfect complement to the caffè. would have love a trou de beigne smores donut but they were out of that one.loud r&b music in the evening though. if you're planning for a quiet study night, better bring some headphones.not a big fan of tv but then, its part of the italian caffè charm i guess. and free wifi. and ridiculous italian baristas banter about celebrities, sex and whatnot. what's not to love?
The atmosphere is Amazing...I was there on SundayFriendly & nice BaristasLines a little long but worth the waitHad a Caffe Fredo aka an Ice Coffee and it was delicious
Perfectly crafted coffees, delicious biscotti, atmosphere is A+. Our favorite Sunday treat.
Whenever I'm in the neighbourhood I can't help stopping by Café Olimpico... Honestly, sometimes I go out of my way just to stop by Café Olimpico. Today's visit included a latte and hazelnut biscotti - it made a cold day feel very warm. Can't wait for summer so I can enjoy their iced coffee - the best MTL has to offer.
A perfect authentic espresso macchiato (just a drop of steamed milk, not half a cup...) in a friendly, unpretentious, no-frills Mile End neighborhood cafe. Best coffee spot in Montreal.
Exceptional coffee beverages....lattes done just right. No wonder there's a massive queue (no worries, it moves fast). Also, they've got ample indoor seating and a patio too. I noticed garcon carrying a tray of fresh-baked croissants; I regret not ordering one--they looked pro. Ditto the mini donuts at the front counter, one of which was maple bacon (!)...why oh why didn't I buy one?Food regret. Is there anything worse? ;)
The quality of the Latte varies from one of the best of Montreal to terrible. It depends on the Barista, unfortunately.The beans they sell are relatively old at times. Some really taste like they were roasted more than 2 weeks which really ruins the Lattes you make at home. I have tasted a huge difference depending on how soon they sell them after roasting -they don't roast them in-house but get them already roasted 2-3 times a week which even adds more time to ruin the taste-.The seating is average and I think they have free internet.I still pass by and grab a Latte if I see certain Baristas making them. If you like making your own espressos, I suggest you get your beans elsewhere.
I've honestly never been so baffled by nearly universal praise for an establishment. Full disclosure: I'm a barista. I'm by no means a coffee expert, but I know the do's and don'ts and can tell a good cup from a bad one. Let's just say I knew my coffee experience was going to be awful before I even ordered my drink. Biggest red flag was that all their espresso was preground. It's common sense that you grind your beans as close to extraction as possible. Everyone wants their coffee fresh, right? Second warning sign was a practice that I've honestly never seen done before. For some strange reason the barista was dosing a certain amount of espresso into the portafilter and then scooping equally old (if not older) espresso into it with  a piece of wood from a mound off of the dirty counter. At this point I had to avert my eyes because the horror of what I was witnessing was just too painful. Unfortunately, I opened my eyes just in time to see the guy cover my cappuccino with a thick layer of cocoa powder. No need to go into the nitty gritty about the taste, obviously it wasn't good. If you're reading this before your first Olimpico experience, there's still hope! Head down St. Viateur until you hit Cafe Myriade (II). Primo coffee (49th Parallel) and the baristas know what they're doing.
You have to try this place! It's a must!I like the coffee and the atmosphere. Everything in this place is perfect!
Cafe Olimpico is a staple in Montreal for anyone who is a coffee lover. This place has the best tasting lattes I have ever had. I do not know where they get their espresso from but WOW. Once you go, you will be hooked and wanting to go back again and again. There is no question why Cafe Olimpico has managed to stay open for so many years after first opening in 1970. One of the best things about this place is that it stays open until midnight almost every night of the week while most coffee shops in Montreal close around 7pm.
If you like a neighborhood type of coffee shop with plenty of personality and local flavor, this is the place for you.  Even my wife, who isn't a fan of these places remarked that it was a great hangout.  I had a latte and she had a hot chocolate.  Both beverages were excellent.   We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the atmosphere.  Next time we're in town, we'll be back.
Used to love this place. But the coffee has declined, is near awful now. (...I don't understand the recent reviews saying the coffee is good -- it really isn't...) Also, it used to be seedy in a delightful way, but is now just a drab sports-bar-type place. The only remaining charm comes from its function as a neighborhood social hub.Tip:-they are relaxed enough that you can bring bagels in, and eat with your coffee. You'll make a mess, but just clean up afterwards.-if you *want* to watch the game with a coffee, this might be your place.
I had been here years ago when friends and then-residents were showing me around. I've spent many a trip to Montreal since trying to remember both the name of the coffee shop and the location, and finally, while happening to stay in this very neighbourhood, I found this place again! Although my ignorance and non-localness sets me apart, I wish I was a local who could frequent this place all the time. Amazing coffee; delicious-looking baked goods, free wifi, and a gorgeous patio space.
Pool, swarthy, manly baristos who pull stiff coffee drinks from their lovingly abused beast of an espresso machine, a sunny stone courtyard with tree stumps and odd benches where locals squeeze their bums together smoking outside, even in the bitter cold. A Mile End Montreal institution. Olimpico serves what may be the epitome of Montreal lattes - there are lots of other good similar ones, but you get the sense while you're there that to bother with any other would be a ridiculous waste of time. If you are postering, just ask at the counter if you can put your materials up outside, last time I was doing this they stamped the poster so it didn't get pulled down until after the event was over, which I thought was  sweet move.
Stopped in for a cappuccino. Pretty busy! casual and friendly. A spot where I would hang out if I lived in the area. The drinks were great. Best we had in Montreal. They also had some beignet/donuts which looked delicious. Next time! Free Wi-Fi and nice outside seating also available.
The guy behind the counter is annoying and loud with his completely over-done italuan theatrics.  Must be the owner because If he's an employee I would have fired him a long time ago if he worked for me.  Espresso was very good, Italian style.  However a bit disappointing that they have no raw sugar.  When I asked I was rudely told "it turns brown when it goes in."   I'll not return.
I love Olimpico. It hands down my favourite coffee shop in the city for multiple reasons:1. Sexy, Italian baristas2. No bullshit coffee -- get your filtered coffee, soy lattes, tea etc. elsewhere. 3. You're always bound to see a friendly face.4. Fast service5. It's affordable... I enjoy third wave coffee shops as much as the next person but my wallet dislikes forking $5 each time I want a latte. Here, it's $2.506. It rules St. Viateur in the summer time (and all those other seasons).7. Their ice coffee is *muah* delicious.8. Everyone that goes here is good looking. I'm not kidding! I never see any ugly people here. 9. That terrace! It's where all the sun dwellers go. 10. Their coffee is laced with the tears of Pope Francis.
The silkiest foam I've ever encountered in a cappuccino. Café Olimpico is a busy coffee shop, but still manages to surpass the rest in speed and delivery. Despite a line-up, they operate quick, taking orders and crafting coffees like true espresso professionals. Never before have I had a cappuccino so melt-in-your-mouth amazing, so soft and aromatic, that I found myself dreaming of it months later. It seems I've developed a crush on a coffee in another city.I will be in Montreal again shortly and will attempt to go out of my way to return to this Italian cafe, my new love, complete with its old world charm and marvellously manicured moustache-laden baristas. I have yet to find a Toronto equivalent.
Olimpico "Open Da Night" - the legend is the sign read "Open Day & Night", the Y and the ampersand fell off and they did not bother to replace the sign! Poor business maintenance or GENIUS marketing ploy you ask?On a sunny warm day, heck on a sunny day, season dont matter, this place will be packed on weekends between sunrise and sundown! Grabbing an outdoor patio spot is KEY for its precious real estate. I only get the latte's here ( one sugar), not because I not open to trying new things. On the contrary, when you have found something so awesome and perfect, why...pourquoi mess with perfection?Arcade Fire hangs out here blah blah blah whoopity doo. Never ran into them here, couldnt care less, the quality of the coffee speaks for itself!
Great Italian Cafe. Great coffee, decent tea, good atmosphere. Staff is fun. There's quite a bit of indoor seating and a great outdoor terrace.
A lot of hype for a place that serves an OK espresso. Of course when you compare to the average coffee place, it is better and the Italo-Canadian staff is definitely playing on their reputation. That's good for business and especially with tourists.Nice terrace where you can sip your coffee without the indoor blasting TV.
Been coming here for over 15 years( before it was trendy) Cafe latte is 3$ tip included (it was 2$ when I first came here). Terasse is directly in the sun which will definitely give you cancer! Too many beautiful people chillin in the sun. I definitely don't recommend this place. Please stay away! This place is too crowded as it is! Everyone is artsy fartsy type !!! Don't believe the hype. New poeple are not welcomed here. The staff is aggresive and will probably spill salt in ur coffee....while ur distracted looking at all the hotties around. My verdict is this place cant be beat but you won't like it. It's too cheap. Too chill.  Too sunny. Too friendly!!!Don't ever come here, you might like it so  much you'll be back all the time and the lineup will become even worse!
I have ridiculous love and standards for italian coffee, even though I'm not italian. Cafe Olimpico keps to the true coffee bar style, and got us our orders fast. My friend loved his drink so much, he's keeps looking for something like it wherever we go. Very cozy inside, and it made me unbelievably happy to see the football flags up everywhere. As everyone else has said, the patio is excellent, but it was raining when we were there so we didn't get to enjoy it.
I plan to be back this week once back in town. Olimpico - great spot all year round. Summer time - killer outdoor terraceThis spot will also light up and grow quite chaotic yet fun this summer during World Cup. Big screens will surely be mounted inside and out. Oh yea, GREAT coffee btw - hehe. And the dudes preparing the coffee here know exactly what they are doing and don't forget a name !
I forgot my laptop after having delicious coffee and tiramisu with my husband and mom. Luckily for me they saw it and kept it safe until I came back to pick it up!Thank you very much Café olímpico!
Best cafe in Montreal! Extremely popular but worth the wait. Cafe Frededo latte is tasty( I don't like very sweet, and this coffee is just bittersweet)  and the decor is very cozy
The best place to grab a drink in Mile-End. The staff are awesome. Nothing more needs to be said.
This is the first place that pops up when you're looking for coffee in Montreal. I was delighted to find small bottles of pear nectar (a favorite since childhood) so I grabbed one of those and went to order my usual soy latte. What? No soy milk? For some reason I threw caution to the wind. F*** it! And you know what? That was a mighty fine cappuccino.
Such a busy cafe... at least when I stopped by. I liked their cappuccino - definitely a but bitter than the ones in other cafes in Montreal. Too bad they didn't have soy cappuccino. A great place to visit.
Seriously amazing espresso.  Their drinks are amazing....the rest of it, I could take or leave.  They have a relaxing patio to sit and enjoy an espresso.  You will need it if you go on a Saturday and have to wait 20 deep for a drink, while dealing with the surly staff.It was a great place during the week, I would avoid on the weekends.
Best coffee in Montreal and probably in Canada. The patio is amazing and the environment is super relaxed. I moved away from Montreal a year ago for work and this place is what I miss the most. There's a regular-status hierarchy you'll have to get used to, as you'll probably be served after people behind you in line. But it's worth the wait.
The coffee is really good. They have a nice patio. This seems to be the coffee place in the Mile End where all the cool kids hang out, but there is also a nice mix of neighborhood folks. A great coffee shop in the neighborhood. I recommend it.
What a vibe! I totally loved it here.I started with an allongee with milk - an extra kiss of milk for me - & slice of lemon cake. Sat, drank in the ambiance. It's truly a slice of life - piece of Montreal history. This is the place to be a fly on the wall.Great people watching inside & out.Stayed for a Cafe Latte and nougat, there was eye-candy too, the 2 young fellows manning the counter were delicious to behold. Hmmm . . .Great value, I'll be back; again & again.
Café Olimpico is arguably one of the most famous coffee shops in Montreal, and it's deservedly so because the coffee they serve up is just pure awesome. Be prepared to be served some very super duper unique lattes by the beautiful gentlemen behind the counter. Unlike the gourmet lattes you find in most coffee shops, the ones here are uniquely Italian style. It's creamy and rich in coffeeness at the same time and in perfect harmony (kinda like Opera singers, yea). The lattes are also super cheap compared to most places ($2 - $3 the last I checked).The decor and staff will in no way hold back any of that Italian pride. The shop is filled with Italian football flags and jerseys, and most of the staff conduct themselves in full Italian hipster style.Hipster? Yes, very much so.
Another great coffee place in Montreal. I tried both a macchiato and a latte, and would go back for more at the drop of a hat. The place was loud, but not in a bad way. It's just not the kind of place you'd go if you want to have some "alone time", or a quite D&M (Deep & Meaningful) with a friend - it doesn't even try to be that kind of place, and I like that.If you want to have a get together with a big bunch of friends, watch some football (European-style, not your strange North American-style!), and have a great coffee, then go to OlimpicoI didn't see much in the way of food, just small things which go well with coffee - again, this place doesn't try to be anything other than a great coffee spot.There was a wifi network, but I didn't use it, so don't know how good it is.
Cruising around Milevend after a rough hike (I took the wrong bus and had to walk an hour and a half back) I yelp'd and found Cafe Olimpico. I loved the place! If you've ever been to the famous 'Bill and Toni's' in Sydney, Australia you'll feel right at home home! Solidly authentic Italian Cafe with outstanding coffee and all those lovely, irrestible cakes and biscuits you find in Italian cafe bars. Outstanding terasse for lounging in the sun and excellent fast and free wifi. Not at all expensive, friendly staff, relaxed and enjoyable. If you want to chill for a few hours, surf the net, chat with mates, this is the place for you!
Good day to walk around mile end after Christmas not warm and not cold.  Stopped in too get an expresso a double to be exact.  Olympic lives up to the hype interesting decor makes you feel like your in your home town in Italy.  Good expresso great atmosphere.
Here we have the other tie for the best cappuccino in Montreal (in my opinon).  I can't believe Mr. Handlbar mustache can turn out a cappuccino as fast as he does and still make it as good as he does.  And I think I'm a pretty hard sell!The 3 visits made to Olimpico were always a 2 cuppa trip and worth the wait in the speedy line.Mr. Mustachio must be come un ballerino because he makes that 30lb tamp look like someone checking their watch for the time.Bravo, Bravo, Olimpico!!
I wish I could have loved this place, but I feel it was too hyped up. The atmosphere was great, but where they fell flat was their product. I got a caffe freddo, which filled up 3/4ths of a small plastic cup. It was a coffee icee. I don't know what I was expecting exactly, but maybe that's because I've only seen Peets freddos, which tend to be large and sugary. Anyway, perhaps this was my fault and I should have stuck with some of the classics. Still, for two dollars this was a huge ripoff.
So far, the best coffee I've had in Montreal so far. It's always busy. An old school Italian coffee shop. Great patio on a sunny day.
great local coffee shop. drinks and beverages are very good and the staff is very friendly
Interesting place, but not my style. I'm a fan of small, cute cafes that feel like a cross between a library, a wine cellar, and your favorite aunt's sitting room. This place felt like a bar in Rome that somehow got a reputation for its coffee. I showed up at 9am on a Wednesday, and was surprised by the long line of customers waiting for coffee. The whole time I was there, the line was at least 10 people deep, although there seemed to be no shortage of seating, inside and out. Waiting in the slow-moving line, I was very close to leaving without ordering anything, despite having biked 20 minutes specifically to check this place out (based on Yelp reviews). The interior was sort of dingy, covered in old posters, with TVs on the walls. It was unpleasantly noisy, too - too loud to hold a conversation, although it turned out that the din of the radio, the baristas, and the motorcycles on the street was strangely hypnotic and conducive to working. With the windows wide open I was able to take in the scenery of Mile End, with a side order of smog and cigarette smoke (maybe I'm oversensitive on that point - I'm really not used to the poor air quality in Montreal yet).Olimpico did remind me of small backstreet cafés in Italy, and felt "authentic" in that way. One barista had a kickass moustache, for which I give props. I can't remember the pet name the other barista called me. "Doll"? "Sweetie"? Yuck. It was very authentically patronizing - props deducted.My latte was tasty, as was the almond biscotti. There was a great selection of biscotti and other treats, which I'll try if I come back. But I'm not sure I will.
Great coffee. Real authentic Italian coffee house, the service is full on - had 22 people in line in front of me and I was out of there in 7min. WOW!The kind of place I will head to watch the Eurocup, if Italy is in the final! Nothing very sophisticated but a real classic.
I didn't really drink coffee before.  And then I visited Cafe Olimpico to watch a soccer game on their big screen. The rest is history...
Beautiful men are a dime a dozen in Montreal, but Cafe Olimpico attracts a certain type of hyper-masculine, futball-lovin', solid & broad, tall dark 'n handsome mec that is a cut above the average beefcake spotted around the city. Grab a delicious cappuccino or espresso and hang out on the patio on a warm summer's day, or grab a seat inside, and watch the menfolk stroll in and out with steaming beverages in hand. You will not be disappointed.
Look out for the legit dude with the perfectly manicured handle bar mustache. Too legit to quite.I had the perfect cafe latte.My boyfriend said his espresso could have had a richer crema layer. Maybe he is more hipster than I thought he was? Don't knock it before you try it.
What more can I say about Olimpico? Do you want the best coffee in Montreal? Come get it from Olimpico.
This place is about as hipster as you can get and seems to be one of those places where if you don't know what you want, you won't receive good service.  If you're looking for a nice quiet cafe, then this is probably not the place for you.  The smell of smoke wafting inside the cafe gave my wife a headache along with all the noise.  We showed up on a day where neither my wife or I were feeling like being around a lot of people.  With that being said, if I lived here, I think I would be here often.Based on coffee alone, this place is one of the best I've had.  We both got mochaccinos and they were rich and full-bodied deliciousness.  Our curly moustachioed barista gave them a nice presentation as well as he poured the steamed milk in front of us into tall clear glasses.  The loud atmosphere wouldn't always be my style, but it would be a great place for people watching.  Even if I wasn't in the mood to hang out there, I could drink coffee from this place every day.
Loved the ambiance as well as their slushy latte. Slightly sweetened and perfect size. Wish parking was easier to find though.
Lived upto great reviews on Yelp.Fast moving line ... Nothing fancy in seating area but loved the old Italian look and feel to the interior (dark wood).Fantastic cappuccino with a fresh scone. Shame no butter or jam.Very much a hipster kinda place with no pretentiousness ... That's a big plus.Definitely worth a visit.
Love this place.The coffee varies from delicious to grainy/bitter/bleh but hey, for $2.50 I go any time.The seating is reliable and the vibe is good.Beats most coffee shops in the city
Oh well... The coffee is consistently good. The staff has an attitude that adds color to the place if you're not the target of their quirky temper. And the overall vibe is good, even though the place is very, very dark.If you've got friends there or enjoy the whole Mile-End hipster-on-a-budget scene, then the inevitable lineups might be worth your time. Otherwise, do come in as early as you can.
One of the best coffees I've ever drank in my life. I ordered a double espresso and it tasted wonderful. I often have the problem where the coffee doesn't have a full enough flavor and tastes sweet, not here! It was strong, full, and delicious. A nice touch was the huge amount of outdoor seating, it was an awesome place to spend our Sunday morning people watching.
Absolutely delicious lattes, great old-school atmosphere, fun people watching, and fun/unique, though sometimes awkwardly configured outdoor seating.  Stop, Savor, Repeat.
An institution in the fine city of Montreal, Olimpico is to coffee as Schwartz is to meat. No frills, no soy milk, no bamboo benches, no yuppie mums -- this is the best of Montreal. The line is long, the hipsters are plentiful, the owners are Italian and the options are pure. Strong, smooth and a perfect crema - this is real coffee. It's what we all wait for.
Fantastic iced espresso. I ordered it in the local language: Cold one, for here. You're on an edgy plane here. The patrons are tres cool. And here's some insider's knowledge: It's a sports bar.
Great place to "stop and have a coffee." I mean, it's perfect for a date, catching up with friends, or just do some people watching.Personally, I prefer the place during the warmer months when the terrace is open, but it's still a nice place to drop into and warm up during the colder ones. It can, however, be tough to get a table inside when the terrace is closed.
Polite, friendly staff. Great coffee and sports on in the background. Can't complain.
If dark roasted, Italian (speaking) espresso is your thing, Olimpico is the place for you. Crazy fun place. Great guys manning the joint. Low prices. Open early and late. CASH ONLY!Nice selection of pastries and biscotti. Now serving gelato! BIG terrace.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
A few highlights: a) There's usually a line of 15+ people, but fear not, it moves VERY quicklyb) Great cappuccino for 2.5$, what I usually get. Never disappointedc) Run by Italian, the owner remembers you if you frequent enufd) Spacious place with very sportif decoration, TVs set up for soccer/football games. e) Mixed clientèle, hipsters, soccer/football fans, families with kids, adults age ranging from 20-60. It gets loud and always packed. f) Opens late, another +This is definitely the go-to place if you live in mile-end. or just pass by grab a coffee take a stroll in mile-end
The espresso is very good. But I won't be back. Why? The guy who made my espresso couldn't be any more obnoxious. Geez. First he tells me I'm standing to far from the counter and that I have to stand closer if I want to order. Ok, I take a step forward. Apparently, I wasn't in the right place. I had to take three steps to where the line begins. Stupid me for thinking I could cut in front of... Nobody.
Best coffee ever. And I don't even like coffee.That's all I'm going to say.
Best coffee place in the neighbourhood!
The coffee is great ...The staff is really hurtful... I mean i told him i wanted two ice coffees... And he gave me two hot coffees .. So i said he was wrong  and that guy with the mustach started to curse me (in intalian i guess) REAALLLY??!I should have give them 5stars if the staff were really really nicer ...
Really great espresso drinks.  The latte (perfect balance of espresso, milk, and foam) is my personal favorite but their regular coffee is very good, as well.  The coffee is full-bodied with a good aroma.  It's a good place to people-watch, if you can find outdoor seating on a warm day.  Prices are pretty inexpensive, too.
Hot chocolates were great. Warmed us up after stroll in cold rain
Ooppsy! colour me embarrassed, it seems that the cafe I meant to yelp is actually called the social club and is one block over but looks the same.I guess I never knew the name and assumed that the one that showed up here under Social club st viateur was the only one but..,  it' s not the same.I have tried both and the main difference is that the Olimpico, is mostly just coffee and they don't have those scrumptious sandwiches, I will be heading up there tomorrow and should be able to sort it all out.....to be contiued da da da
The coffee bar formerly known as Open Da Night (although you can still find die-hards around that continue to call it by that name, or variations upon it, like "Open D"), has lost some of its former ramshackle charm to renovations (they survived a devastating fire), and their prices have crept up steadily over the years (their lattes were still just $1.50 a few years ago), but they still make one of the most satisfying old-school lattes in town and the ambiance can be pure theater at times (actually, pretty much all the time).One of the quintessential Mile End hangouts, and one of the most animated places in Montreal to watch World Cup and European Cup soccer action.
The coffee is really good!On a hot day you ask for "a cold one"!!
Fist time at cafe Olimpico last night ,best espresso this side of the Atlantic , thank u cafe Olimpico and thanks Alex the barista great pull..
If there was ever a time for me to use the word bona fide, it'd be here. This café serves the best coffee in the city according to me, my sister, and the people, for the people. Before you step in, you best be prepared:1. Expect a line (but it moves quick).2. Know your order before you get to the front. They don't like dawdlers.3. Skip the pastries.**I just added step 3. This past weekend I decided to try a scone. Whoops, we all make mistakes.A cappuccino and latte for my sister and me. Respective perfection.
What a cool cafe!  I stopped in here for a tea and to catch the end of a US Open match and marveled at the fact that in the 1.5 hrs that I sat there, the lineup was always consistently long.  My wife said the coffee was indeed excellent so I guess we stumbled into the right place.  Big screen TVs, free wireless, good tea and coffee... what's not to like!
A must stop on our weekend cycling route.  Always packed, great coffees ( ice coffees as well) good place to watch soccer on weekends
Cool friendly place, nice staff and excellent espresso, however they really would benefit from using soymilk for us lactose intolerant people otherwise it's just doubleshot or americano.
Great coffee! It is a hipster place and can be very fun to meet someone at. I went with my aunts and Mom. We all enjoyed the coffee and had some good laughs.
I don't really understand the hype over Olimpico.  It's right across the street from me and by far the closest café to me, but I always find myself going farther afield.  The coffee is okay, I suppose, but there's coffee that's just as good to be had elsewhere on St-Viateur and especially one block up on Bernard.Apart from the decent coffee, Olimpico is a strange, disharmonious, and unfortunate blend of the worst aspects of a cafe and a sports bar.  The food is at best underwhelming (with some options, such as the pre-packaged, days-old croissants, being totally off the radar of acceptability), so there's nothing to complement the decent coffee.  There are plenty of people who go there to chat and/or read, and the patio is nice enough on a sunny day, though the clash between this crowd and the sports-bar contingent is palpable and insufficiently tempered by Olimpico's lack of a liquor licence (which, to me, makes it the worst possible place to watch a sports game).
I asked for soy because I'm lactose intolerant and the barista was extremely snooty and rude about it ("We don't *do* that."). The guy's ego was almost as big as his moustache.  I guess I get that it's a 'no frills' place/coffee purist destination/whatever, but there's really no need to alienate me because I have an intestinal condition.
Olimpico - once known only colloquially as Open da night - is simply THE legendary coffee place in Montreal. It's quirky, the non-coffee menu is limited, service is idiosyncratic though friendly, and it definitely doesn't conform to the standards of trendy coffee chains. In fact it far exceeds their standards in every way. Olimpico just drips authenticity, and that plus GREAT coffee brings people back in droves every day of the week.
Best coffee in Montreal and definitely one of the best coffee houses in North America. Doesn't get any better unless you travel to Argentina or Europe. I also love their outdoor bench like seating that's wonderful during the warmer days of spring / summer. Only problem is this place is so popular with the locals you never want to leave once you score a seat after someone leaves.
Fantastic espresso + open late night = win.Strong shot with the perfect amount of crema. I can't really justify 5 stars, but it's pretty damn close. There wasn't quite the depth of flavor that I've found in espressos from Stumptown or Four Barrel, but almost.Classic sports bar turned coffee shop. Kinda strange, but pretty awesome. I miss the late night coffee shops...SF really lacks them. A great spot to chill with a friend if you don't feel like dealing with the pretentious atmosphere so ever-present in many coffee shops. And yes, I realize the rest of this review is fairly pretentious, but I can't help it if coffee has become the nectar that guides me through life.
My favourite spot is still great after all these years. Coffee is so fresh it hurts! Be forewarned that it gets crowded around 11 and stays that way all day. If you don't mind squeezing in between the other patrons, this is the best cafe in town and attracts a very interesting crowd too.
This place pulls a nice, strong espresso.  It was crowded when I was there, so I assume it's popular with the locals.  I had a double, on top of two coffees I had consumed elsewhere, and then drove away with an elevated heartbeat.
Best cappuccino I've had outside of Italy. A great patio to sit on when the sun is out. Fast service. Someone actually pulling espresso shots. Hey starbucks! This is how you do coffee!
truly.excellent.coffee.in.montreál.I know, I know - some folks no longer love Olimpico due to the  increasingly / disturbingly high HTQ (hipster tourist quotient) and weekend throngs of those lavishly indulging their recently acquired and exquisitely accessorized children,  But I still love Olimpico for one reason - THE COFFEE!  They make brilliant coffee - consistently fresh, always properly done at the right temp.  Fast, efficient (don't let the line frighten you noobs - this place moves with an amazing alacrity) and truly reasonable pricing.  Located a short walk from St-Viateur Bagel and all of the other greatness that IS the Mile End.
Café allongé... such perfect crema you have to eat it with your little spoon
Not much to say about this place that hasn't already been said. It's a big, open old-school coffee house. Italian owned and run, so you know the coffee is 1st rate. I go there all hours of the day for a latte or espresso to go, and the biscotti are pretty good. Probably the best spot in the Mile End for coffee.
No fuss, best coffee in Montréal. Perfect espresso, delicious lattés, and won't cater in anyway to any special needs: no soy milk, no skim milk, no small talk. This is the anti-Starbucks. Run exclusively by Italian men, this loud and soccer-obsessed café located in Hipster County (aka Mile End), often has long line-ups but I promise it's well worth the wait every time. For $2.50 a latté, you can afford to have two but the coffee's so strong you can only handle one.
Simply fabulous, cool, hot! I try not to go on sundays due to the long lines, but it moves quickly. Oh and truly Italian coffee quality! No ma, veramente!
Have you ever had a coffee that's so good that it makes you forget how to describe it when you finally start writing the review?Neither have I, but the coffee here is seriously good.
Best coffee in Montreal. Real local experience. Vito and Vince are always happy to see you.
Is it the most pristine cafe? No. Is it a quiet, trendy atmosphere? No. Does it have the best espresso, most interesting mix of people, and terrasse that inspires imaginative novels within anyone who can't string a verb and a noun together? YES! It's da best. And open da night. What more do you want?
This is as close you can get to a real italian coffee bar. It's not a third wave coffee shop. Nobody will serve you a chemex with coffee roasted yesterday, and you will not have any cupping sessions. It is also the complete opposite of Starbucks. Nobody will care if you're lactose intolerant here, just drink your espresso black, it's great as it is. Ain't no time to be bothered with skimmed milk when we all know most of you will eat a sugary pastry with it. You get in line and you better know what you need and you better keep it simple. That's what I love about this place.
Really good latte. It didn't sit on my stomach!
I still don't understand the magic of Olympico. Everybody in Montreal knows the place. The crowd is a mix of artists, intellectuals, students,... and soccer aficionados. The speak Italian, French and English. The walls are covered by sport related artifacts, and Vito knows 85% of his customers' names. That day where I made it to the list is still one of the happiest of my life. Now, I can walk in the Olympico, knowing that someone will scream "Salut Christine! Un latte pour emporter? Un sucre?" Vito knows his shit. Situated in the Mile-End (the trendiest neighborhood of Montreal... beginning to look a little bit too much like Williamsburg to my own taste...) it's definitely worth the detour. Come during the weekend, in the morning on weekdays or during a sport championship of some sort for a typical experience!!! :)
Hipsterville, great espresso, 7 types of biscotti, noisy.  Trendy neighborhood.
If you are looking for the best-creamy-latte in town, this is your place. Biscotti are also very good.
this place was highly reccomended by many servers in many restraunts in montreal and by the concierge at the hotel i was staying at for the week. a nice bus ride out of the downtown core and into the upper end of Montreal's Mile End neighborhood - a nice neighborhood cafe. the line moved very fast and the morning cappucino i had was very well made - the cafe was just right - not bitter and very smooth - and gave me the morning boost i needed. they got skills. very laid back and the outdoor seating and the eccentric neighborhood feel - made it a memorable start to the day. the biscotti was ok - kind of stale - so i'd stick to the cafe drinks. prices are also not too bad. wifi - i don't think they had free wifi but you can probably connect to someone willing to share their internet connection in the neighborhood if your lucky.i reccommend if you are taking the bus or the subway and its not winter to rent one of the bixi bikes and bike here since it is a little over 1/2 a mile... unless your in the mood for a nice walk.
Best coffee in town, plus you can bring food from outside to eat here, what more could you ask for?Oh, if you're a fan of Italian league soccer, there is always something playing!
Great espresso, weird/fun atmosphere, VERY loud but definitely a must-see when you come to Montreal.
Best coffee in town. Friendly staff and free wifi! Large cafe with plenty of seating and non-pretentious atmosphere. Good prices, $2.50 for a cappuccino.
This is one of the busiest espresso bars I have ever experienced and for good reason. First of all, it is unabashedly Italian in every way - no chain or mixed messages here. It is emblazoned with Italian soccer flags and TVs are set on soccer. The staff is all Italian and they take pride in their work. With a line of 20 to 30 curling around the pool table (??), the barista calls out for advanced orders - be ready or get the evil eye! It's easy to order, they only serve classic Italian preparations: iced blended coffee drinks should look elsewhere. They crank it out fast and well on two 3-group FAEMA Non-Stops and serve it in the right drinkware. Go to the standup bar or sit at the small tables or go linger on the terrace. At Olimpico you get the best espresso drink in Montreal and a short trip to Italy all in one.
Quick service and good espresso - doesn't have a great food selection, but thats not what they're trying to do. It has a unique feel, but doesn't quite do it for me in terms of comfort. A few couches, more comfortable chairs and tables on the patio would be welcome. But all in all a great place that fits its neighborhood. A macchiato on the patio on a sunny day and a good conversation - who could ask for more?
Thought this place was funny. I'm not even sure what I had, but I had wanted a regular iced espresso. Problem is they don't have ice cubes, that was a first for me. I also wanted a regular coffee, but they only have espresso. Also a first. Guess they don't do much here, but at least they have seemed to have mastered the art of espresso. They also seem to have quite a following as its a busy place, and its also in a nice neighborhood. Will be back, but maybe in winter and not on a 90 degree day.
There is nothing worse for me than walking significantly out of my way for a cup of coffee only to find something altogether overly hyped and remarkably mediocre.  There are some really nice places in Montreal for excellent coffee, and this simply doesn't compare.  It's little more than a sports bar with an incredibly effective word of mouth campaign.The espresso itself violates all laws of good preparation.  It isn't ground fresh for each shot, which is an instant red flag.  The baristas use not only grounds that have been sitting in the doser for several minutes, but even those that have fallen into the mountain of grounds sitting beneath the grinder.  The espresso sits alone in the glass for quite a while before the steamed milk is added, which degrades the aromatics and allows the crema to dissipate.  The milk itself is 'resteamed', which means new milk is poured into batches of already steamed milk and steamed again, which adds off-flavors and denatures proteins, preventing the development of quality microfoam, and it is a technique commonly associated with places like Starbucks that focus more on pushing customers through the door than on quality.  More than that, it isn't steamed in traditional latte or cappuccino pitchers, but in containers that could not possibly produce the vortex necessary to properly incorporate air into the steamed milk, and it shows in the product, a completely separated pitcher of hot milk topped with a poor macrofoam that shouldn't even be used for cappuccinos.  The espresso I received there had a thin film of crema that rapidly disappeared. I was nearly incapable of finishing it, let alone enjoying it.  It was a shot that any self-respecting third wave coffee shop would immediately pour down the drain and prepare again.I can't stress enough that this place, far from being 'one of the best coffee shops in North America', can't even compete with many chain establishments in Montreal in terms of coffee quality.  If you want to go there for the ambiance, go right ahead, but don't go there with the assumption that you will receive a decent cup of coffee.  It is unfortunate that this coffee shop has received so much positive feedback as it may be under the illusion that it's actually doing something right.
great no frills cafe.  outdoor seating is great, indoor tables are fantastic for gnoshing bagels from down the block.  i knocked back iced latte after iced latte while in from outta town visiting -  great find.
By far the best coffee in town. Where else will you see a 50+ people line to get coffee in the middle of the day?? And this is 5 miles away from nearest business district, so no starbucks type hype here. Also check out their tiramisu - you will love it
After hearing bad reviews about the staff, I still made the long trek from Verdun to get a great espresso pull. I entered around 3pm to see about 10 people in line and 15 or so sitting around the tables. I was immediately told to leave and that they were closing (after he let the local that held the door for me get in line). I told him I was in town from the US and was really looking forward to trying their coffee, had come over from Verdun, and would take my coffee to go. He very rudely told me that he has been working since 11am by himself and if I were in his shoes, I would understand. After pleading again, I was told to just leave. While I like to sympathize with people, working a 4 hour shift as a barista is most certainly not an excuse for being flat-out dismissive of your customers. That, sir, earns your business a poor rating on all the review sites I belong to. Should have listened to the others.
Reminds me of the espresso/sports bars on Commercial Drive in Vancouver.  The espresso is medium Italian style roast and extracted with rapid machismo; bitter, creamy, and fresh.  Fotball is on a few screens scattered around, tight t-shirts and gold chains jostle and jabber at the front, tight jeans and plaid in back, and the families & friends out on the deck.  Fun, lively, and very popular.
Best coffee ever! it's creamy and flavorful. I had the hot latte and my bf had the cold one. The cold one tasted better. This place was like a coffee sports bar which was a bit weird. But again, definitely worth the trip. Forget starbucks
Best coffee in town!
I am lucky - my in-laws are only a block from Olympico. Whenever I am in Montreal, I have to drop into Olympico for their latte or expresso. The coffees have a rich deep flavor and the baristas are very friendly.
Really, their coffee is wonderful.  Everything is made the way I like it, lattes in a glass, everyone knows each other, very chill, very comfortable atmosphere.  And the TV behind the bar show league soccer.  I love it.
First entering, you get the whiff of melting butter and greeted by nice servers. It is a bit stuffy, but the smell and warmth is relaxing!I had the Oh Mon Dieu which is a chocolate croissant, and a bite of the cranberry square and they are both ughh soo amazing! The chocolate croissant is heavy, but it is weirdly not as sweet as it would seem, and the croissant itself is so wonderfully made. It's flaky but not overly flaky that it breaks apart so fast, and it's slightly crispy as well! I also had a bite of my friends cranberry square and it wasn't so sweet which was a plus and it was so good! I took the almond croissant this time, and it was superb, not that sweet, and the croissant itself was buttery and slightly flaky. You can also tell from all their other goods that they took the time to make each well and that there was a lot of ingredients and thought put into these recipes. As you walk upstairs you can even see their kitchen from the glass windows, and it seemed pretty clean and everything was in order! Love it here and would come 1000000 more times if I could! haha
Mami Clafoutis has been around since '10 and has several locations.  They offer a variety of breads, pastries, and desserts, and I stopped by to pick up a few to try out.  I tried their regular croissant, a cheese croissant, a raisin croissant, and a pistachio 'square.'  The regular croissant wasn't flaky and was more on the dried-out end, even with some zappage from the microwave.  The cheese croissant was slightly better, but was more on the bland side.  I did enjoy the raisin croissant, as it was filled with plump raisins and the croissant had more of a sweeter note to it.  The pistachio 'square,' while looking colorful from the green and the purple, was underwhelming, as it was mushy and chalky in taste.  The staff here were super friendly, and they accept CCs.+raisin croissant+friendly staff+CCs accepted
At my first time there, the place seems to be a nice, somewhat cosy, place for pasteries and tea (Kusmi) for a decent price. Almond croissant is delicious! I like their 2nd floor where you can eat/drink while studying, chatting with friends, or anything that you can do in the afternoon at a coffeshop :P
Food: You like croissants? You like pastries? This is THE place for you! Sure all their baked goods are delicious but the pastries are out of this world! To try absolutely: pistachio croissants! AMAZING!   The dough is ultra-flaky, crunchy as you bite into it but then instantaneously melt in your mouth. The filling is pasty, not overly sweet and with a comforting and rich pistachio taste. What more to ask for? They also specialize in galette des rois with different fillings during holiday season, TO TRY ABSOLUTELY~ I usually only come here to get pastries, the artisan style bread are good and original too, but may not be as varied as some other bakeries.Service: Very helpful and patient, also told me how to reheat my croissants at home~Price: Mid range for pastriesAmbiance: Don't get deceived by the first look, when you enter the store, the space seems to be very limited and crowded with no interior seats. But the steep stairs on the side with lead you to another universe. Traveling through the passerelle where you have view on the workshop will lead you to a cozy study/work/chilling lounge area with couches, tables and chairs. Bonus to self-serve station of milk/cream and water machine!
This is a Viennese bakery shop. Its busy, let me tell you but worth the wait. The business seem to specialize in bread and small pastries. The spinach and goat cheese sandwich was small but very flavourful and savouring. If you're a little hungry and not famished, get it. I love their bread.There is this pie with a pistachio filling. Not overy sweet, but very heavy and filling- good to share. Their pistachio croissant is crispy butter and filled with pistachio! Love it and i would order it again. I also ordered an almond croissant but its still its takeout bag- i've been trying to be healthier after the holidays.BUT GOSH THIS PLACE IS GOOD. 5 stars for me. Staff are super friendly too
UPDATE: This is now insanely busy what with exams happening every single week of every month. But I just want to add THEIR SANDWICHES ARE DELICIOUS!! The grilled chicken is freaking amazing! The filling they use is so good! And curry chicken is unexpectedly delicious too!I FOUND MY HEAVEN. I loooooooooooove cafes where I can sit and enjoy their goodies in peace. I don't like visiting a beautiful coffee shop and feel like people are rushing me. Because I can make my own good coffee at home, you know? Why would I bother coming to a coffee shop if I can't stay?Mamie Clafoutis makes incredible pistachio croissants and almond croissants, as well as cookies and tonssssss of bread. PLUS they have lots and lots and lots of comfortable seating upstairs. The tables are big enough for a computer and a Wacom tablet, messy papers and pencils, textbooks, and my food and coffee. This is bigger than my desk at home! Also lots of OUTLETS!! LOTS OF POWER!!!!!!!!!! I originally wanted to do a Sherbrook station bakery hop, but I visited Mamie Clafoutis first and never left. It's so comfortable here that I called my friend, and we both studied here. The table is big enough for both our stuff.This is, in fact, my heaven. Washrooms are clean. Wifi is not super fast when more people are here, but it is faster than Starbucks and 100% working. Staff is absolutely wonderful. The smell of the bakery is delightful, so feel free to watch the kitchen from upstairs!The pistachio croissant plus cafe au lait is about $8. But this isn't the typical airy and tiny croissant. The croissant is quite filling and heavy! I looooooved mine. The almond is good too!
I love croissants. I love pistachios. I love Mamie Clafoutis.Their pistachio croissant was delicious - definitely worth it to make a trip! My initial thoughts were on the heftier price tag for a single croissant but it turned out to be the heaviest croissant I've ever had! Price justified. And loaded with pistachio paste, I wasn't complaining :) It was moist, dense, and a treat to eat. I would say that it leans towards the dessert/snack side than the typical fluffy breakfast croissant due to its sweetness and texture. However, I may be biased because I am a sucker for anything pistachio.
Mamie Clafoutis is pretty darn good, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  I think perhaps that's the fact that I have tons of good bakery options around, rather than the quality of Mamie Clafoutis itself, and it nonetheless is a good addition to this strip of St Denis.On the plus side of things, their number taking system means you don't get overlooked, as sometimes happens in busy shops without number systems, when you're stuck looking like the rude person yelling "Hi?  I think you forgot me!".  There is so much choice!  Not only in pastries but in specialty breads, cakes, etc.  This can be a negative for people who have trouble deciding!  And best of all, I had the best cookie here.  It was a raspberry sablé, and oh was it good!  Too often they are too dense and not buttery enough.  This one was amazing!On the negative side of things, I found the fact that the shop was so busy I found it somewhat overwhelming.  I knew about the number system, but still went in first, took a look around to make sure I had an idea of what I wanted, and then took a number.  The numbers flew by fast enough, especially since it seemed like there were a lot of people who either took a number and left, or accidentally took more than one.  The croissant I sampled was good, but not the best I've ever had.So overall good, but maybe I'm just picky.
I have to be honest, I was a little disappointed with the 2 items we ordered at Mamie Clafoutis. Maybe I should have ordered a Clafoutis or Maybe I should come earlier during the day when all their baked good were fresh out of the oven.Canelés De Bordeaux was good though, the rum really came through! Not too many caneles available in Toronto so I did enjoy that!Pistachio Croissant though a little dry and a little stale. I do love the upstair seating area with different configuration of lounge, sectional sofa, small study table and a communal table.The shop also not busy at all when we got there and got served right away without the need to get a ticket or wait in line!
I am so jealous that montreal has this.  Basically, the world is missing out.  You can tell how great a place is by the crowd/line that gathers and that you have to get a ticket once you get there.  There are a few bakeries that are like this bc they make great bread/food (portos in cali and oakmont bakery in pitt).  The wait was not long or probably did not feel long because I could not stop ogling and drooling over the bread, and pastry displays.  I wanted to get everything!My friends and I shared a few chocolatine aux pistaches, caneles, oh mon dieu and strawberry tart.  They were all amazing!  My faves were: (1) chocolatine aux pistaches, the croissant itself was perfectly made and the filling too.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it; (2) canele, it was like a custard flan with a crunchy burnt sugar shell almost tasted like a creme brulee but not too sweet. It was perfect!  3) strawberry tart filling was perfect and smelled so good!  It came in a pretty box.  Lorenzo, who served us was friendly and efficient.  He didn't mind that us americans couldn't pronounce the french pastry names but pointed to what we wanted instead.  He also made my jasmin tea even after we already paid and he was helping others.  I highly recommend this place if you're in montreal.  I wish I brought some home.
Walking on the street near by your sense of smell will guide you here for sure. The breads they make are so good, the coffee is very nice but the pastries are only good not amazing, I had better. The top floor as a nice sitting area and I do like their numbering system while you are waiting to be served which simplifies thing. Bottom line if you are in the area and want a coffee or a nice dessert / patisserie this is a very good choice but I wont come here especially.
The pastries here are out of this world! I was in town for vacation and a local recommended this bakery as a food destination for me to check out.Quick tip - when you walk in, be sure to grab a ticket at the main entrance. Don't be an idiot like me - waiting in line only to make it to the front and not be served because I didn't get a number. All the pastries on display looked absolutely amazing. I only wish I had more of a stomach to try everything. My favorites were the canelé (one of the best I've ever had), the pistachio croissant, and the Oh Mon Dieu (that's OMG for you French challenged). The canelé was spot on - perfect, hardened caramelized crust with an incredibly moist inside bursting with flavor and richness. The aptly named Oh Mon Dieu was just ridiculous - it's like an ultra rich croissant that explodes in chocolate when you bite into it.You have the option of taking the food to go, or you can go upstairs where there is a really nice seating area with couches and tables. From the upstairs area, you also get a birds-eye view of the bakery which is nice. Also free wifi, which was fast.Definitely will be back again next time I am in town!
My favorite bakery in montreal ! They have delicious pastries and a super cute decor too! You're supposed to grab a number at the door when you first walk in, but I prefer to browse their options first because it takes me super long to decide  They have such a wide collection of breads and pastries that it's so hard to choose, but my favorite is definitely the pistachio croissant! Don't think words could express how much I love their  pistachio croissants - always get it whenever I come :) perfect combination of buttery and flakey and I love the pistachio paste :3Their other pastries are delicious as well ! I've tried their rolls and bread pudding which did not disappoint :)If you're looking for a savoury option, they serve quiches and sandwiches as well! Their coffee is average, but they make up for it in their yummy sweets I think it's a great place to go with friends so you can order and try several pastries They have a really cute sitting area upstairs, but it does get crowded in the afternoon, so if you plan to enjoy your pastry there, you might want to head upstairs to find a seat first !
The pastries from this place are Excellent! I bought $65 worth for my trip back to Toronto so I could share the bounty of the some of the most amazing pastries I've had. First I tried the popular croissant filled with pistachio paste - to die for! It's huge, no skimping on the filling (from end to end) & flaky on the top. Just the right sweetness of the filling. Next I tried the raisin bun - another deliscious winner!  My kid had the "oh mon dieu" it's omg huge & filled with lots of chocolate! So dam good (I got a bite from his). I also bought some almond filled croissants - excellent again (I had this the next day just as flaky & fresh) The chocolate buns aka "chocolatines" were very good - These have little chunks of chocolate inside the flaky pastry (these were my least favourite only because I have a sweet tooth & like more chocolate) but if you're in the mood for something less sweet in a flaky roll then this is for you.Overall you won't be dissapointed  with any of the above items I tried. Since this was my first time trying this place I was exceptionally blown away by the pastries. Excellent quality! They open at 6:30 am and that's when I bought all my goodies so I didn't experience the crazy line ups I read about. Only time I'm up that early so I didn't miss trying this place (had to get back to Toronto)
Thank you to the reviewer(s) who recommended the Oh Mon Dieu ("OMG")....a croissant filled with an impossible amount of chocolate.This crunchy, croissanty, chocolatey snack--which we devoured in the upstairs lounge of this wonderful patisserie--was a triple threat: delicious, decadent and divine.
Cute bakery with lots of space and I'm assuming seating upstairs.  I dropped by for some pastries togo b/c we were heading back to NJ.  Read lots of good reviews and had Mamie on the list to try out.  Staff and service is friendly.  Cheese croissant - had an interesting taste, wasn't as buttery and the texture wasn't as flaky.  I reheated it in my toaster oven and had it with some eggs and it tasted a lot better than when I tasted it "fresh".Regular croissant - had the same interesting taste as the cheese croissant and the texture wasn't as crisp or buttery.Raisin croissant -  the outer ring of the pastry was nice and flaky and buttery, what I'm used to, but the center of the pastry was a little dense.  Seemed like it had some sort of custard type filling in the center that I didn't care for.  Maple and white chocolate croissant - this pastry was THE BOMB. I recrisped and reheated it in my toaster oven and it was perfection. This was my favorite pastry from this bakery for sure.  Perfect texture and amount of sweetness.Overall, I would come back for the maple and white chocolate croissant round and to try their pistachio croissant.  I couldn't believe I didn't see this flavor when I totally read about it in countless yelp reviews.  I'm not sure if this bakery uses a different type of butter or bakes their pastries a little different than traditional French bakeries, but it definitely wasn't my favorite.  Au Kouign Amann bakery totally reigned supreme when it came to their laminated pastries.
Came here on a friend's recommendation.Pistachio croissant -not what I was expecting, its a green pistachio paste which isn't too sweet. Very yummy and definitely filling. I also got the cheese croissant -just a slight cheddar taste that keeps you coming back for more.They have really good ice coffee---Cause it's a slushie!!!! very good flavor and perfect sugar content. I would come back for the croissant and coffee slushies
One of my favourite bakeries! Everything is so good here!!
Five stars for one thing:Chocolate Pistachio Croissant of your dreams.Go here. Get your ticket at the door. Wait. Buy it. Eat it. Thank me. Buy some more. Take them home to all your friends. Dream about it.
Not only are the offerings here good (we tried the cheddar and mushroom baguette, the pudding, the croissants and a regular baguette and washed it down with some excellent coffee) but the presentation was excellent and the space was eclectic and quiet. It's fantastic.The croissant was amazing, buttery without being overpowering and the cheddar and mushroom baguette was something special.Still, my favorite thing was the brief bout of vertigo coming out of the bathroom as there is a floor to ceiling wall of glass that opens on to the back half of the kitchen, one floor below.I really, really like this place.
My favorite patisserie in Montreal! Delicious, fresh pastries for great prices! The service is friendly and joyous. I love ordering whatever's come straight out of the oven into the shelf--still warm and aromatic. I wish I had a French bakery like this across the street from me in New York!
One of the best bakery in Montréal ! A lot of choices and the possibility to eat inside , upstairs. It's a bit expensive for pastries but it is really quality food !
This is the place to take anyone visiting to Montreal for the best pastries! I've never been disappointed. The au mon dieu is something you'll want to try!
The best pastries in Montreal. I'm definitely coming back. I wanna try all of them!!!I loved the nice chill area on the upstair. The best place for chatting with the friends or just reading alone.Highly recommend!!!!
Friendly staff, delicious croissants, what more could you ask for?We ordered some of the almond croissants and of course some of the pistachio croissants. They were so good that we ordered a bunch to bring back to New York! They're a bit on the pricier side, but definitely worth it.The croissants are filled with nutty goodness, flaky, but not too sweet. A must try!They also serve other treats, quiches, sandwiches. Delicious.
Pastry heaven! My husband and I came in here for a mid afternoon coffee and a treat. We ordered the chocolate croissant and the almond and chocolate croissant. Both were incredibly flaky and delicious. The prices were good too and the service was friendly. Definitely a great place to try some traditional French pastries and treat yourself :)
Very good breads and cakes but ...- slow service,- bad drinks! I tried different drinks : cappucino, latte, chocolate...even soups, but they are really not tasty. Go to the cafe "la petite cuillere" instead if you want delicious coffee/tea/juice.
Mami Clafoutis is one of my favorite boulangerie/patisserie in Montréal! I walked 45 minutes with a heavy luggage to indulge in their renowned pistachio chocolate croissant ($2.97). I embraced the challenge as if it was a pre-croissant work-out!  It was worth it! It was flaky! It was crispy! It was the taste of the love child between pistachio and chocolate! It was love at first bite. My heart was filled with contentment. Savoring baked goods on a sofa in the "tea garden" is by far one of the most serene experiences I have had in Montréal. Mami Clafoutis is my happily ever after on this fairy-tale Montréal patisserie journey.
The Oh Mon Dieu and the Pistachio Croissant were amazing! Came once at the beginning of our trip and once more before we left for some great eats to take on the road. My friend got the baguette from there as well and said it was really good. Make sure to stop by, you won't regret it!
We tried as many different things as we could and it was all great! don't forget to grab a number!
Their pastries are absolutely divine, particularly the almond and pistachio croissants. If you're not sure which one to get, get both and share with a friend. I hear the pistachio chocolate is also good, though I'm not a big fan of chocolate so I have never tried it. The croissants are perfectly flaky (i.e. not too flaky, which I find a lot of croissants elsewhere to be) and the filling is heaven. They'll run you over $3, but they're very generously sized.With that said, their other baked goods are also excellent. Note, they don't make all of their breads every day, there is a schedule at the store. There's a seating area upstairs with tables, chairs, and sofas, though it's a little dark for my liking. I do like that that walking up the stairs allows you to see some of the magic going on at the back of the bakery!
Lovely little shop, stopped here a few times. Freshly baked pastries.Their pastry (chocolate croissant, apple croissant ) is nice and flaky.The Café au lait is hot but not burnt. They also have a place for you to sit and relax.There are parking along the streets as well.
I desperately needed a coffee so my boyfriend and I stopped by at this bakery since I've been recommended by a friend to come here.It was very confusing at first because I saw that we needed to take a number but it didn't seem like anybody had one and I couldn't find the number machine anywhere. After standing there confused for several minutes, I realized that the machine was on the wall after the first set of doors.I ordered my coffee and decided to get the chocolatine since their croissant was supposed to be super delicious. The coffee was decent - it's quite strong for my taste but I learned to enjoy it. The chocolate croissant was dry, bland and there was barely any chocolate in it.If you want a good chocolate croissant, I would recommend going to Joe's Panini.
Amazing pastries for great prices.  The almond croissant was perfect! Light, buttery with almond paste.  We had the mini size because we had just finished lunch. We also enjoyed the canelé, great custardy center.I highly recommend the pastries (4 stars), however, their coffee is just okay. Their espresso shot was sort of bland.
I wouldn't go back to this place. It was a bit chaotic to order, and the food was less than mediocre. I had the vege pate sandwich and my fiancee had the chicken pot pie. Both of us were less than impressed. I did enjoy my Oh Mon Dieu pastry, but not enough to go back for it.
Pavê pistache & canneberge is really good!I highly recommend. Nice place to eat and relax.
you can tell french people opened it but if you try to look for a pastry place that is the closest to a medium pastry place in paris it is still very hard to find, fortunately this place came the closest. they had a version of paris breat amazing but where is the real paris brest in mtl?
My favorite bakery in Montreal. Eats/drinks- coffee which was fresh and delicious- croissant was flakey and fresh- chocolate baguette was soft and chewy- cafe au let was good: not even strong as other reviews mentioned - pistachio chocolatine was goodLikes:- staff is friendly- large assortment of fresh baked goods- fresh and fresh- free wifi- comfortable seating upstairs overlooking the kitchen Dislikes:- A bit hot up stairs where the lounge isI'm so glad we found this place and it's around the block from the place we're staying in.
One word - wow! I really miss these amazing pastries. This patisserie was right near where I was staying in Montreal, so every morning I'd pick up some pastries and try something new every day. Everything I had was buttery, flaky, sweet pastry perfection. The apricotine was tasty. The almond croissant was buttery, just the right amount of flakiness on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and was just sweet enough. The same goes for their regular croissant and their pistachio croissant. I had the Oh Mon Dieu, which was really good (croissant filled with lots of chocolate!), but definitely an indulgence for breakfast.I also love that the shop is not crazy busy in the morning, and if there is a wait, the ticket system is efficient and quick.Will absolutely come back to this gem the next time I'm in Montreal.
Excellent pastries and coffee. We bought 6 different pastries and they were Devine. We would definitely come here again the next time we visit Montreal.
We tried their olive bread, I've never seen as many olives in a bread. It was delicious, imagine olives holding together thanks to bread - can't get better than this (the bread looks a big pretzel)! We also got their croissants (they're big, crispy on the outside and  fluffy from the inside, just what you would expect the croissant of your dreams to look!). Finally, the chocolatine aux amandes and croissant aux pistaches - both giving you the flavours you're looking for; with a taste that isn't too sweet, more on the natural side and again, very crispy without being dry. Went there for the first time last week to get food for a brunch, my hosts thanked me and told me this was their favourite bakery. As for me, can't get their olive bread out of my mind..
We went to the one on St.Denis -- great space, large enough to seat a big family, and the pastries were pretty amazing.  I had the chicken and leek quiche followed by a lemon tart.  Delicious.  The Oh Mon Dieu (croissant with a layer of chocolate inside) was definitely a hit with the kids while the regular croissants were also popular.  Will definitely return
Made a special trip to this place on my last day at Montreal due to all the amazing reviews but was extremely disappointed. Arrived at 11:30am and took a ticket as everyone mentioned.  Bought the oh mon dieu, chocolate almond croissant and triple espresso in a bowl.The oh mon dieu was stale and the chocolate almond croissant has very oily sweet almond paste but was fresh.  Coffee was strong and good. Took two bites of the oh mon dieu and left most of it on the plate. Having tried Olive et Gourmando almond croissant (not flaky) and Maison Christian Faure. The latter wins hands down. Read my review on Maison Christian Faure.
Really good baked goods!This place located in the bustling Rue St. Denis, they also have a seating area that they refer to "Tea Room". The only downside, they need better HVAC system. I understand that it's a bakery and I love the bakery aroma when you walk in the shop. However, if you sit upstairs you will experience somewhat stuffy, and not so welcoming and comfortable sitting area. I still highly recommend this place because they have good croissant and quiches.
Pastries aren't the most attractive ones in town. Neither the barista section. Seriously there are so many pastry shops baking and selling much better croissant and danish. So I'm kinda curious how and why this place gains such great ratings. In fact, I would get a bread instead from time to time.
Get your ticket.Get your ticket.  Watch out for the ticket-nazi.  Be sure to get your ticket.  Seriously, you will be refused any and all service without a precious precious ticket even if you are the only one in line.  Get your ticket. Get your ticket.  My best guess is that the ticket-nazi is high and that he thinks tickets are the best thing in the world.  Get your ticket.Get your ticket. As for the food, it is okay.  Get your ticket.Get your ticket.
In French:  Oh mon dieu!In English:  Oh my god!At Mamie Clafoutis:  a pastry crafted from buttery goodness and filled with a pool of creamy chocolate filling.  I didn't want to put this one down!  We enjoyed a few pastries at Mamie Clafoutis.  I wish I could eat one of their Pistachio Chocolate Croissants right now.  It was buttery, flaky, crunchy and topped with a mountain of pistachios, chocolate-y, and flawless.  I felt the same way about the Oh Mon Dieu - flawless baking!  The Apricotine was good, very fruity and flaky, but the Pistachio croissant was my favorite of the three.Prices are more than fair.  For about $10, we split three pastries which left us full for quite some time.The second level seating area, where you can look down and watch the employees prepping and baking, sets Mamie apart from other bakeries.  The upstairs seating area is cozy and inviting to relax, do a little work, or chat with a friend.  There's a free water jug in the corner too, which I'm always a fan of.The croissants here are just as good as Au Kouign-Amann, but I like the atmosphere and variety of pastries at Mamie Clafoutis much more.  There were several vantage points to watch the team rolling out dough which is why I'd recommend this bakery over others to any tourist.Mamie Clafoutis is absolutely worth my time, money, stomach space, caloric intake, and especially my #1000 review!
This was a nice quant bakery we found while we were strolling the area. We wanted to have the whole pastry experience, so we decided to come here. I had the pastry with Apple filling with chai tea latte. The pastry itself was light, flaky, and buttery, which was a plus for me. The apple filling was very robust almost like you're biting into an apple pie. They have a nice lounge on the second floor where one can go to eat, hang with friends, and use wifi.
Here's the thing: This place is a pretty ordinary bakery. There are better bakeries out there. Premiere moisson makes better bread and baked goods, no doubt about that.It has a cozy atmosphere, though. It's a nice place to hang out, but I wasn't impressed with their baked goods, around which there is quite a bit of hype. Their coffee was similarly mediocre.I found the cashier we had had a bit of a rude attitude. I wasn't impressed.This place is all about the cozy atmosphere of the 2nd floor lounge. It feels like a Mile End apartment. Not bad for a coffee date, wouldn't do lunch there though.
Got the pistachio croissant. It was good. Crispy on the outside but I would've preferred more crispy. Flavour wise was good, not amazing. If I needed a quick pastry fix I'd go here, otherwise I'm still on the hunt for the perfect pastry.
Let's start with the smell of fresh bread when you walk in.  Immediately you know it's going to be great.  Then you take a number but realize you need way more time to decide what you're getting by the time the speedy, friendly service is ready to take your order.  Eventually you decide on a brioche and abrigotine and can't wait to go back for more. Delicious.
Their chocolate pistachio croissant is to die for. So much better than the over-hyped NYC Buchon Bakery's croissant. Maime's Cannele is the real deal. I've tried a few in NYC bakeries and even a bakery in Paris and none comes as close to Mamie's - the texture is perfect and there's a slight licorish(?) taste to it. Their brioche is light and eggy. My friend who loves brioches and tried many said this one was the best one EVER. I'm coming back to try their coffee and so much more, including the chocolate pistachio croissant again.Update: as promised, went back for plain croissant, pistachio and almond croissant, and drip coffee. My eyes rolled to the back of my head with each bite. I'm glad there isn't a bakery this good near where I live or i would be 400lbs. Service is super friendly too. I tried the classic ham and cheese called le Paris Mamie and they got that right,too because they use their fresh bread and that makes a difference.
Everything we had was delicious.  The croissants are just phenomenal.  Everything is made in house. The iced coffee/frappe was just ok.  We drink lots of iced coffee.  Service was good also.  Struggled between 3 and 4 stars because we'd definitely go back because of the food. I'm going to be generous because of the service.
Still my reigning favourite - after four years - for best baguette and best croissant in Montreal.
Omg. I would move to Montreal, with its crazy cold winters for this choco-pistachio croissant. :) We were in town for 5 days in July and ate here 4 times. Our first time, we missed out. They were out -and the server didn't speak good English to suggest we wait 5 mins for them. But we didn't give up. We came back that afternoon. (And p.s. their other stuff is good too). On our last morning, driving out, we stopped for our final one. When I first walked in, they were out again. But I had learned my lesson. Within a few mins, they brought out hot, fresh ones. Yum! Best thing I have ever eaten!!! Warm, sweet, decadent!
OMG...we LOVED this place.  We arrived dreaming of chocolate croissants and got SO MUCH MORE.  The staff was delightful to our group and recommended items (my husband likes to be surprised).  We were and it was all good.  They walked us through the process and their seating area upstairs allows you to watch the action downstairs - you can see them making all the treats!  A definite must go!
Ordered a pastry shaped like a four-bladed ninja throwing star. It had a strawberry half and peach slice in the center. It was sweetly heavenly! Absolutely want the recipe for it! Now it makes me infinitely more curious as to what their other dessert pastries will taste like. I also ordered a cup of filtered coffee with one milk. It was as good as the coffee I make from the coffee beans that were bought at Caffè Italia, arguably the oldest Italian cafe in Montreal with the best espresso in the city! So for food and drink, I give five stars! Cheap too! Less than $6 for the duo. I have to take down one star, though, because of the steep flight of stairs to get to the lounge, the lack of natural sunlight in the lounge, and the fact that sitting on the high stools in the back of this lounge will give you the view of a toilet in the public washroom (Disgusting!). Whatever you do, don't sit on those damn stools even though they are placed under cool lighting. I was debating on whether I should take down one or two stars, but I settled on one star since I think many of you wouldn't mind the steep flight of stairs. And I wouldn't either if it weren't for the fact that I adore wearing heels. And I want my sunlight! It's nice to have a variety of chairs and tables to choose from, but I want the sunlight streaming in when enjoying a good book and an amazing cup of coffee.
The pistachio croissants are, as others have said, out of this world delicious. Coffee is wonderful as well. The seating upstairs is great for relaxing or even watching the pastries being made.
Pistachio croissant was my favorite item. It's better than the pistachio chocolate croissant, but try both for yourself to come to your own views. Pistachio cranberry square also delicious.Beautiful bakery with wonderful view going up the stairs to see the whole bakery workshop.Espresso was good.Occasional long lines during rush hour.
I had the well reviewed pistachio croissant and I did not like it at all. It was heavy and perhaps baked too long. Overall that croissant was missing what is great about croissants: flaky crust and chewy insides. The space is lovely, the coffee excellent. Other breads and pastries were delicious.
If it's your first visit, here's a bit of advice:  in the vestibule, before you enter the store, take a number. This is the same procedure whether you are just there for a loaf of bread or are going to stay and have coffee and a croissant. Knowing your numbers from 1-99 in French will help you get served. If not, look up at the red glowy number behind the counter to the left.Kind of an eclectic atmosphere in the seating upstairs. Bonus points for having a coffee-doctoring station (milk, cream, sugar, napkins, ...) upstairs so that you don't have to run back downstairs with your cup of tea or java.Pastries are okay. For my money, Olive & Gourmando or Première Moisson are much better. Coffee, meh.
visited by friend's recommendation. it was early afternoon but there were always a lot of people in cafe space. croissant with crunchy layer outside, comfortable sofas, spacious kitchen without ceiling(its exciting to see their production!), various breads in clean show case. And i liked their location the most! (i feel like most good bakeries are bit far from station... no?) ; super close to Sherbrooke station. i will definitely come back for their breads!
Very good croissants and pastries. Did a pick up before heading back to the States. Oh Mon Dieu, and pistachio chocolate are recommended.
Very good selection. Very good product. Chocolate mousse, chocolate croissant, and cannele were good. A solid bakery on st Denis.
Decent bakery place,  We had better. You need to take a number and wait for it to be called in order to  be served. Broad selections.
Tried the pistachio croissants and it was mouth watering. Almond croissants is also decent but pistachio is recommended as their speciality. Will definitely have it again if and when we're back in Montreal.
Must stop shop in Montreal. I visited based on positive online reviews in my search for the 'best bakery in Montreal' and I was not disappointed. Mamie Clafoutis St-Denis is extremely easy to find, is in walking distance from centre-ville (if you don't mind walking around town) and the pastries are even more tasty than they look. I picked up a cannele (simply because I saw a picture of on yelp before hand and was intrigued) and a raisin roll.  Both were absolutely delicious! I mean, the way true baked goods are supposed to taste....and if you're used to the typical 'donut shop' pastry, you'll be awakened to a whole new world of amazing breads, sweet doughs and baked goods when you visit. Prices aren't that bad either. Do it!
We were really close to Mamie Clafoutis during our stay in Montreal and it was on my 'must visit' list and they did not disappoint. Based on other reviews I tried the pistachio chocolate croissant and it was flakey, crunchy chocolatey goodness. We also tried the ham & cheese croissant, also so yummy, a fruit salad and one of their pre-made baguette sandwiches. Wish we had more days to go back and try more. Service was very friendly, make sure to grab a number.
Oh the delights you'll find at Mamie-Clafoutis! From freshly baked breads to pastries and some of the tastiest croissants in Montreal, this is a certifiably delicious French bakery. I could gush and rave and rant about how incredible this place is, but you should really just stop by and see for yourself.
On my quest for best pastries in Montreal, I had to stop in to Mamie Clafoutis based on all the positive reviews. I must say that I had made way too many pastry stops the previous 4 days and was a bit "sweeted out." However, I was glad we made the round here on our last day in Montreal. I went with the review consensus and got the pistachio chocolate croissant, which was excellent. As someone put it, perfect balance between sweet and savory. We also tried out the apricot cheese danish which was to die for. Unbelievable. Also glad I got my "fruit" in for the day. My only hesitation with the 5-star rating was the ambience. It seemed a little too casual and not as cozy as some of the other bakeries I went to were. The clientele seemed a bit touristy although I don't think that was their doing. I did really like the direct view into the kitchen to see what they were making. But, the pastries were delicious enough to override the ambience. 5 star!
Amazing bakery. They have everything from a large selection of baguettes,yummy loaves, almond- pistachio - chocolate croissants, cakes, tartes,  sandwiches, salads and a wonderful loft style seating area to enjoy great pastry and coffee with some friends!!
like natalie imbruglia, i'm torn!based on one item, its a definite 5 stars quality place! and you should be back and back and back! but since i got multiple pastries, its down to a 4 but you should still go back and back and back some more.here's why: the pistachio croissant IS godly! its like seeing a woman gave birth. the joy followed by the faint ;) the pistachio paste is just so good and not so sweet like its counterpart, the almond paste (mind you, i haven't taste their almond croissant but almond paste usually taste really sweet, by experience)the brownie was good but wasn't the best i've eaten (that's a toss between cocoa locale and patrice pâtissier). the chocolate wasn't intense and gooey gooey like you'd expect from a brownie. it was a bit on the dry side texture wise without being dry.as for the pudding de mamie, its like the every day version of the fruitcake. takes a fin connoisseur to really appreciate the complexity of flavor of such cake. tasted ok at first but the more i ate it, the more i like it. its the size of a brick and it is extremely dense.their other pastries do look good. that lemon meringue tart, its calling for me and can't wait to sink my teeth into it
Great bakery place with lots of selection of savoury and sweet stuff. We had the egg salad sandwich and the vegetable & goat cheese quiche. Both of them were fabulous! We also ordered the pistachio croissant and the oh mon dieu based on reviews on Yelp. We loved the pistachio croissant, however, we think the oh mon dieu was a bit overrated. Unless you are a huge chocolate fan, eating half (or the whole) oh mon dieu would make you feel sick and regret for having it in the first place. The eating area upstairs was nice and you can have a peek at their kitchen. They also provided free wi-fi which is nice for tourists.
You can't come to Montreal and not try a pastry store. I mean you can, but it'd be such a waste. I wanted to get here as early as possible but couldn't get my lazy butt here till 11:30. I was chasing the magic dragon aka the pistachio and chocolate croissant. The is was nice looking bakery with a couple of happy, friendly people working inside. A lot of the pastries were calling out to me but knowing that I had a lot of food to eat that day, I somehow contained myself and only bought the croissant that I came here for. It was HUGE and that made me happy. Even at that time of the day, there was a good crust to the outer layer of the croissant and some flakiness on the inside. The key for me was the balance between the pistachio and the chocolate. It was savory, it was sweet and then it was savory again. Even my wife, who isn't a big fan of chocolate liked this. This place was a last minute addition to my bookmarks after my failed attempt at acquiring a croissant the day before and I'm glad I did. I only wish I had more time on my hands to try more of their delicious baked goodies.
Great bakery. Great. Bakery. G-reat. Ba-kery. Gr-eat. Bak-ery. Grea-t. Baker-y.
My sweet tooth was completely soothed here. I ordered the Oh Mon Dieu pastry, and oh mon dieu! It was perfect. Sugary and flaky, filled with the most amazing chocolate filling. If it was still warm, I might have died. So fresh and delicious, I've been dreaming about getting it again. Along with that, I ordered a mochaccino, which was perfectly made. My boyfriend had ordered a plain coffee with milk, and he kept trying to steal mine. The staff was very kind, though we didn't interact much. We ate in the upstairs salon area, where you get a pretty neat view of the bakery below. The mismatched furniture and comfy atmosphere made it such a lovely place to spend the morning. They could have made me sit on the floor and I still would've gone back.
This was the second stop in the hunt for the best chocolatine in Montreal. First, the place is huge on the inside! Great store front, with steps to a salon where you can sit and eat OR watch them bake/make the treats below! Really neat. We each had a cappuccino along with the chocolatine. Both were very good! The chocolatine places 2nd in our rankings. I'd go there again.
My favourite bakery downtown. They have an original, healthy yet very diverse selection. Best almond croissant's and affordable prices. Location is great, sitting area is charming (+good wifi) and the staff is super friendly.
I don't really understand the hype. It is not bad, but far from being good. The things I did not like:1- The croissant is very flaky but tasteless. Almost no butter taste and no salt.2- The chocolate filling in the Oh Mon Dieu is kind of gelatinous, like a hard pudding. I did not like it all and I normally love anything with a decent quality chocolate.3- The baguette is too dense for me. The crust is ok but the density of the inside is simply too chewy and heavy. I really wanted to love this place. Oh well! Might give it another try again in the future.
Came here for a pastry and a sandwich before heading out of town.This place offers a solid selection of fresh breads and pastries at reasonable prices. My chocolate pastry and chicken sandwich were delicious.
Truly exceptional baked goods. The almond croissant is just exquisite - clear almond flavor but neither too heavy nor too sweet.
I loved their croissants, they were flaky and crispy. The almond pistachio croissant was excellent: the filling isn't too sweet and the pastry not soggy. They also have whole cakes and pies on top of the individual portions. Their tarte tatin looked absolutely delicious, actually I would have liked to try so many things while I was there.There's a cozy salon upstairs with mismatched tables and sofas where we can eat. On the way up there we can see inside the production room where the staff makes the bread and pastries.There's a minimum 5$ purchase to use a debit card.
Great croissants, amazing sourdough baguette and interesting choice of pastries and baked goods. There are many good pastry shops in Montreal and Mamie is one of them, but there is a serious lack of good bakeries in this city (especially west of downtown) yet Mamie tops the list with only a select few others. Please continue to expand to other locations!Only little caveat which has nothing to do with the taste, the St-Denis location just revamped the little 'cafe' section upstairs and the coziness has been replaced by a modern and less relaxed ambiance. Too bad. However one of the girl cashier that is there on Saturdays is always joyful and super friendly.  Thank you for your great service.
The pastries here are to die for. Especially the Oh Mon Dieu: chocolate croissant decadence. I'm also a big fan of their pistachio croissant. We tried this place on our first trip to Montreal last year and made a point to come back this visit too. My only quibble is that many patrons just sit around on their laptops after finishing eating or drinking and take up the limited seating. Since all the seating is upstairs, you can't really navigate where to sit until you have your food. Suggestion: limit computer time for those without food or drink. It would lend itself to a much more pleasurable and relaxing environment.
This place is absolutely divine- it is my favorite bakery in the city. (I only go to the Outremont location.)The olive fougasse is really out of this world. You'd need to buy 2 though because you won't be able to make it home without eating one in its entirety.
When I landed in Montreal for my conference, one of the first things I did was seek out a boulangerie for a pastry.  My French is awful, but everyone was quite patient and helpful with me. I stopped in three times while I was in town, the pastries were so delicious.  It will be one of my first stops the next time I'm in Montreal.
I was lucky to step in while it was quiet 'cause I hate that stressed feeling I get when it's crowded and you hafta order right then 'n there!An order of a small latté, cannelle (sorta similar to a Portuguese custard tart with no pastry shell), a square pistacio cake, & an apricot pastry was ~$12.  Not bad.  I only ate the cannelle that day and it was nice.  Everything else was good 'n fresh!  Latté was more lait than espresso, so that's the only thing I would've changed.  Tip:  There's a seating area upstairs of the St Denis location.
This place has some of THE best almond croissants you've ever had in your life they're absolutely delicious I cant get enough of them!
Delicious chocolate croissant and chocolate pastries in general. Good coffee, good people, good atmosphere. Adorable seating area upstairs. Great place to read and work!
This place immediately catches your eye as you walk down the street. All the fresh breads and pastries laid out in front of you, so plentiful and delicious looking- its like a French baker's version of a Garden of Eden. The most outstanding thing about this pastry shop is that they embrace varieties texture and taste. Most store bought pastries are too soft and overly sweet, but their pastries combine soft, flaky, crunchy amazingness with complex, complimentary flavors like rich/delicate or sweet/bitter flavors.I got a pistachio croissant, a chocolate roll, a layered pistachio and cranberry pastry, blue cheese/walnut bread, and milk bread. I cannot explain how much I loved their pistachio croissant, eating it was like a revelation- "Oh, thats what a good food means." Crunchy, flaky, yet soft. The richness of the buttery shell to the soft, slightly sweet, delicate filling. Just wonderful. The chocolate roll was good- crunchy outside, flaky, not as buttery, showcasing chocolate's natural slight bitterness. The layered pastry was dense, not particularly my favorite - the pastry base was very solid and crisp like a cracker, then there was a thick layer of that slightly sweet, delicate pistachio cream, topped with cranberries in a sugary coating with sour undertones. I really loved the blue cheese/ walnut bread- the bread itself was crisp with doughy loaded insides. I love the savory sort of floweriness of soft blue cheese combined with crunchy, delicate simpleness of the walnut. And the milk bread was just milk bread- soft, pillowy, slightly sweet.I would definitely come back!Service: 4- nice, apparently did not hear my order for the almond croissant Atmosphere- clean, not overall fancy but definitely luring.Food- Overall really good, especially the pistachio croissant
i go to pastry shops like it is my business. and as a result, i find that i am always hoping for the best and ready for the worst. case in point at mamie clafoutis. cool interior; open kitchen, wood panels, etc. the ordering process is someone confusing as people from behind sometimes move to the counter and start ordering.... *shruglove the upstairs area complete with seating, restrooms, and more seating! the pastries or croissants were very disappointing. edible, these almond and pistachio croissants were, but they didn't have the crispy exterior and soft buttery flaky sheets of dough that exist with the best croissants on this planet. as such, another pastry shop, another disappointment. overall the plethora of seating and pleasant staff push this up to a 3 star.
My favourite bakery in Montreal. Great for grabbing a quick pastry and coffee in the mourning s. Giant pastry and bread selection. Quick and friendly service. There is a nice salon on the second floor for eating as well, and you can overlook the kitchen. A bonus is some of the people here are derby fans once you get to know them.
Discovered this gem on a walk after hopping off at the Sherbrooke metro stop. It was love at first bite (croissant) then stopped the next day (mozzarella and chorizo ficelle, brioche) and then they day after that (pistachio chocolate croissants, petite rustique loaf). This will be on the list of musts for every future visit to Montreal.
Most delicious pastries in Montreal. Their canelé is superb. The shop is small but the selection is not. I look forward to going back and trying more of it.Bonus tip: There's a cute park (Square St. Louis) just around the corner that's a great place to sit and devour your goodies.
Holy molly...this place is off the hook!!!! Wow...wow...oh I wish I lived in Montreal because I would be here all the time...just fantastic goods!
Artisan bakeries are always a welcome sight and Mamie Clafoutis near Metro Sherbrooke is one of the most welcome in Montreal. Their prices are very friendly just like the staff.  Knowing a little French is certainly a bonus, but baguette sounds just about the same in French and English, so I manage.There's a hidden lounge above the kitchen filled with comfy seats and a unique view over the rest of the shop.  This seems like an ideal place to enjoy a relaxing lunch with one of their sandwiches and a fresh cup of coffee.The amazing baguettes draw me back time and time again, they have a nice thick and chewy crust, the crumb has great structure and you can taste the care and quality ingredients that goes into making each loaf. I can recommend their cinnamon raisin bread and their olive loaf is also very good but you've got to watch for pits. I feel pretty confident that just about all of their breads will be spot on.
it's hard to pick out any particular bakery in montreal that isn't good. they're all  good (i ate pastries every morning!).  MUCH BETTER than most of the bakeries  in los angeles. however, mamie clafoutis was that hint over the rest that gave it the best that i've had in a long long time. they make their breads fresh everyday -- all beautiful and sooo aromatic. it's dangerous walking in because you want it all, and you want it now. we settled on two croissants -- a butter and a pistachio (double baked), and a chocolate bar. both of the croissants had a beautiful crispy crust over with rich flakiness inside. the pistachio had crushed pistachio paste mixed in that was just the right hint of sweetness. incredibly wonderful way to eat and stroll around the city. :) we ate the chocolate bar for dessert on the plane ... tons and tons of dark chocolate pieces in a delicious bread. ... free wi-fi here too!i left my heart in montreal!!!
The first time I came here was a few years ago and it was just getting going. It was here that I discovered canelé, and was hooked. Coming back almost 4 years later, they still have amazing canelé, but they have also expanded their space, including a small loft above the bakery with cozy seating. Really nice open concept, great natural light, easy to find off the street, and a park right next door to enjoy some snacks.They also have expanded their baking goods - although I didn't have the reason to experience too much, we did get some very nice bread and other pastries. All very good.Prices are decent, but it's all done really well and glad to see it's busy!
I never post but I had to because this place is that good. On a weekend trip to Montreal, tried the almond croissant, almond and chocolate croissant, almond pistachio chocolate croissant.  One word....DEEEELICIOUS!!! Had to go back for more on my last day to bring back to the US.  So sad there isn't one of these in the NY/NJ area.
OMG!!!! By far the BEST pastries and bread I have EVER had. People in Montreal are so lucky to have this wonderful bakery place. Definitely must give this a try if you are in town. You will not regret it. The pastries just melt in your mouth. I LOVE this place.
I woke up on the last day of my mini-vacay in Montreal and googled "best pastries in Montreal".  This place didn't come up first, but it was the closest to me, so I packed my bags and drove over.  They had just been open for a few minutes and I was the only customer.  I felt suspicious, expecting that more people would be here if it was the "best".  I ordered a cappuccino and a pistachio croissant, then headed upstairs to the lounge to sit.  No one was there.  I got even more suspicious.While I enjoyed my selection in this bright and spacious area, I watched the bakers below in a clean and impressive kitchen.  And, then I saw customers slowly trickle in, one by one, until there were about a 20 people in line.  More folks came upstairs, and I could tell that this place is a Saturday morning ritual for many.The cappuccino was great, just what I needed.  But, the croissant.  This is the real deal.  Its been 3 days since I ate here, and I'm still thinking about it.  And hoping that I'll find a place where I live with something as good.I purchased some plain croissants, chocolate bread, and chorizo/mozzarella bread for the long car ride back to Brooklyn.  The plan was to bring them home to share with my housemates.  That didn't happen.So happy I had a chance to try this place.
Worst croissants i've had in the city so far. Dry and burnt on top of it they were not fresh. Avoid this place not worth it. Tastes like another chain
Thanks to Mamie Clafoutis for being 1) an artisan bakery with a great variety of baked goods and 2) open early on Sunday morning - you're getting much appreciation from this rushed train-goer. Forget Amtrak fare when you can be nibbling on a ham and cheese on seeded ficelle for breakfast, then smoked salmon and capers on onion-poppyseed brioche for lunch. Their pastries are great, too - the pistachio-almond croissant in particular stayed lovely even the day after. The staff are friendly, and do try to be helpful despite imperfect English. Beautiful storefront and displays. Definitely would be one of my favorite stops in Montreal.
After reading the reviews, I made a special trip over to Mamie Clafoutis last Sunday to try some of their baked goods.  I picked up an enticing looking fugasse aux deux olives, ropes of savoury fresh sourdough bursts at the seams with juicy green and black olives.  All I can say is, wow.  If you like olives, you will love this fugasse. It is chewy, buttery, flavourful, and filled to the brim with delicious juicy whole pitted olives.  It is also the size of a small pizza, so great for pulling apart with friends or family (though you may find yourself fighting over the choicest bits).  My family devoured it within 5 minutes of me walking through the door!
Stumbled into this cheeky little bakery and was in heaven. Good coffee, great baked goods and the most cosy cafe I've been to in Montreal. If you're in the area, make sure you check in.
We stopped by for what looked good and got an apple turnover with sesame brittle (that chewy sesame and sugar syrup mixture that resembles a Chinese candy), and it was so good. We saved a kouign amann for later eating, but as we have been trying to learn over and over and over again, pastries are best when fresh so don't buy them if you don't think you can finish them. I wish this shop were closer to home... in NY.
I love it. delicious pastries, and a nice atmosphere. The only downside I'v found is that It's crowded sometimes.
I'm in heaven!  My, how delicious and mouthwatering can you be? At Mamie Clafoutis, we enjoyed the flakiest, most flavorful pistachio croissant and chocolate croissant ever with two delicious cups of cappuccino!  Not only were our tastebuds in for a tremendous treat, but we had the absolute pleasure of sitting upstairs to indulge in our goodies which allowed us to view these talented pastry chefs creating these scrumptious goods.  I could have sat there all day watching! I hope you all take the time to enjoy this boulangerie!
I went here as part of my quest for the best croissant in the city. It's pretty darn good. I have yet to find any croissant in this city that blows my mind. So considering that, Mamie Clafoutis may be the front runner.
Delicious. The bread and pastries here are just so good. The croissant is magical - big and fluffy. They also have different types of croissants (almond, for example) that are good. I suggest trying one of each of everything! The people working here are very nice too. I highly recommend!
Pleasant staff, seating upstairs at the back.Excellent chausson aux pommes (apple turnover): apple puree has a delicious balance of apple flavor, sweetness & smooth texture.  The pastry is not old-school hyper delicate/flaky, but is more dense flaky & crispy, half-way to phyllo pastry, but works very well and keeps a lot longer (12-18 hours) than the classic style pastry (which can lose its crisp in 4-8 hours).  This guy is also large, square and thick, rather than empanada size.For me, any one stellar viennoiserie is enough for a patisserie to earn a 5-star rating.  Pastry chefs often have one thing they do incredibly well.  Anything beyond that for me is bonus.
In my quest for good croissant in Montreal, this place didn't disappoint me.  We had the plain, chocolate, and pistachio which were all good.  The crispy outside and  the soft but with the right among of chew inside, they were awesome.  I cannot stop eating.  Thank goodness this is a mile walking distance from my hotel and Montreal is 7 hours drive from home.  I only wish that I have any discipline in not eat them so fast where I could have take some photos of the yummy goodness.
Five stars because this is my favourite bakery in town. Full disclosure - their baked goods make me sigh and perhaps moan I love them so much! I am a huge fan of the square with the almond (paste?) and cranberries and lots of nuts on top (you'll know it when you see it!). It is what I get all the time. I also really enjoy their brownie... I once brought these two items to Toronto for a friend and with every alternating bite we'd declare the one square better than the other and then quickly change our mind! Also, I had no idea that the St Denis location had a beautiful upstairs space!! Looks like a great place to study or relax :)
Great breads.  Try the pistachio croissant!!
If God weren't already, this bakery could be my religion. Pana cota- bless you. Brie sandwich with walnuts- bless you. Fresh pistachio croissant- bless you.
This bakery was just fantastic.  Every time we travel and I have the opportunity this is the kind of place I want to go: a real European bakery, not the weird, pseudo-intellectual, "artisanal" interpretation of a European bakery that we are cursed with in the United States.Everything was just delicious and reasonably priced, and I loved the catwalk overlooking the production areas.  My croissants were deliciously light and flakey and the hot chocolate ranks in the top five I've ever had in my life.  I'm sad the Mamie Clafoutis' is hundreds of miles away from me, and too far away to visit for my breakfast every day.
OMG! The croissants here are out of this world. The hotel concierge told us about this place and we're so glad we stopped by before we left Montreal. Make sure you try the pistachio almond croissant!!
Excellent, really excellent butter croissants, which for me (along with a baguette) is the measure of a bakery.  My son, sister-in-law, and I plowed through several croissants and pains chocolat.  The layers were a little thicker than I'm used to, but this gave an interesting texture to the pastries.  Great prices, too -- 1.45 for a butter croissant.You walk in and it is an amazing delight of the senses -- decide what you want before you enter or you'll end up buying much more than you expected, it all looks and tastes so good.  The cafe macchiato was good, as well.
superb croissants, coffee, and quiche.
This place has got some good pastries and some nice coffee.  Nice atmosphere.  I would go here again.   Nice people.   Not too far from my hotel.    It's amazing how hot it gets here sometimes in the summer.   Thanks You.
First of all, the croissants here are TO DIE FOR.   wow, they are so good.  during my recent trip to Montreal my friend and I came here every day.  Great coffees as well, and their upstairs seating area is cute and a nice area to take a break (I especially like that it's upstairs and thus nice and quiet, unlike most cafes where you are constantly interrupted by the sound of coffee grinding or milk steaming).  My only complaint is how weird the queue is here...it's always crowded, but half the time we were there they were taking numbers (like a deli) and the other half it was just the girls behind the counter saying, "next customer!" maybe there is some secret system that as a non-French-speaking dummy I didn't understand, but it was very confusing to try and figure out how to order every time.
A must go to place when we are in the neighbourhood. This is my favourite bakery. The almond croissant and the abricotine are superb, but so is everything else. It is a great place to relax, have a coffee and pastry and then buy a delicious bread on your way out. Do not leave without a blue cheese and walnut little baguette!
Excellent selection of pastries, including chocolate almond croissants.  Both the pistachio and the pistachio almond croissants are filled with pistachio creme/paste (delicious!)There is a Lafleur nearby, in case anyone wants poutine before or after...
I was introduced to this place several months ago and am now an addict. The bread is always fresh, the pastries are always delicious, and the staff is always friendly. Personal favourites are the walnut/blue cheese ficelles and the pistachio squares (probably the best squares I have ever had in my entire life). I'm also a big fan of their house ice tea. There is a reasonably large and nicely decorated seating area up above the bakery, which is easy to miss but is worth checking out. A good place to stop for lunch or to do some work (there's free WiFi). The prices are VERY reasonable for the outstanding quality, and while I haven't  tried everything they have to offer (or at least not yet), I've never been disappointed.
Amazing! Fantastic people and great bread. Their croissants are among the best in Montreal! (no easy feat)
Staying near Mamie Clafoutis for a couple of months, I passed this bakery one day and was tempted by what I saw through the window. Upon entering the shop, I was disappointed upon looking more closely at what they have to offer. When searching on Yelp for some of the best bakeries in the city, I was shocked to find that this ranks so highly. The baked goods here - both breads and sweets - look better than average, but otherwise do not seem remarkable. I am not sure why it is such a hit among locals and visitors alike, though I guess there's no accounting for taste.
Love their 2 olive fougasse, love the yummy but oh so fattening blue cheese baguette, and I'm not even a fan of blue cheese! Their apricot/hazelnut bread is ever so good, but I do wish they'd shell the hazelnuts a bit more carefully! There is a very cozy café upstairs where you can sit down & enjoy your soup/sandwich/pastry/tea/coffee. This is THE boulangerie I keep coming back to whenever I'm  in /near the Prince Arthur/Carré St.Louis area.
Awesome place, lots of fantastic buttery tarts, pastries, croissants and chocolatines to enjoy and the breads aren't half bad either.
Got a pistachio croissant and a latte.  Croissant was excellent, it had been cut in half and filled with this creamy, sweet pistachio spread that melted in your mouth.  The latte I found to be smaller than I expected, not very hot and over all under whelming.
Very tasty pastries and good coffee. It's usually not too crowded and rather quiet upstairs, where the tables are. I can't think of anything this boulangerie might need to be perfect.My friends chose this place to order pastries for their after-wedding brunch, everyone was delighted.
I return to this tea salon almost on a yearly basis. It's more than just the tea - it's the entire experience. They always make sure to serve you as if it was their first time doing so, and as if it's your first time there (which it might well be for you!). The workers are fully dedicated to their tea making and serving. It's not just business, it's their passion. The variety of teas is phenomenal. My personal favorite is litchi tea. I've never tried anything quite like it anywhere else. The place itself is a haven for lovers of authentic good tea. Its shelves are full of tea, teapots and little cups. Definitely worth checking out.
I went there twice already. For tea lovers, this is heaven. The place is well decorated. Chinese atmosphere. SO RELAXING. The waterfall and Chinese music. OH Lala. SO MANY CHOICES FOR TEA. Before, I had the golden turtle, which came with a turtle tea set. AMAZING.This time, I went for the GABA dragon oolong, mainly for its muscles relaxing benefits. The staff helped us start the tea experience. Super kind.I felt super relaxed. My partner too. Had a great relaxing conversation.We also ordered cookies that was super tasty. Most relaxing tea place so farStrongly recommend for tea loversI will come back to try other teas for sure.
Came here twice with my boyfriend during our recent trip to Montreal and fell in love. The tea selection is fantastic, the staff is very friendly, and there are some very affordable tea sets here (I walked out with two different sets to add to my collection, as well as some more tea). They do a really nice Chinese tea service, explain everything to you, and don't rush you out the door. In fact, the first time we went, we only stayed an hour and the staff joked about how quickly we were leaving. The shop is extremely elegant and relaxing. I didn't get a chance to try the food, but they also serve a selection of vegetarian snacks.
When I first walked into this place I was captivated but the decor. However I did fear that I would accidentally bump and break everything in sight, everything in there seems easily breakable.I have been there three times now and I would go back everyday if I could. Very polite staff who show you exactly what to do, (for newbies).The tea menu is very overwhelming but I took my time and narrowed down a selection. I would recommend taking the time to read the entire menu to decipher what effects and flavours you are looking for in a tea.The atmosphere is very calm and relaxing, it is like a meditative social setting.
An oasis of calm in the middle of Old Montreal's tourist trap.Somewhere around the Basilica, Casse-Noisette (a lovely stationery shop where it is inexplicably always Christmas) and a surprisingly good cupcake place, lies possibly my favourite spot in Old Montreal.AESTHETICSMTX manages to be both intimate and spacious, both rustic and modern, both airy and cavernous. The space is a bit larger than you might expect, but laid out in a way that somewhat separates seating into small clusters. The glass cabinets and large windows work well with the dark wood furniture and traditional tea vessels, some of which are displayed near the entrance (presumably for sale).SELECTIONThe tea menu is a physically large book, divided into categories (green, white, black, wulong, flowering and so on). As with many tea joints, they have those large canisters displayed behind the counter, which you can request to sniff.There's also a small food section in the menu, with pretty phenomenal dumplings, among other things.SERVICEYou can buy looseleaf or brewed tea to go, but this place really is all about the in-house experience. The staff (who appear to be a family) will bring your tea over, and take you through the steeping procedure. In some places this can feel a bit pretentious, but there is definitely none of that to be found here. That magical ability of a server to leave you to it, but always be near when you need them... yeah they have that here.FLAVOURThis is definitely one of those places where everything tastes better than you can get it to at home. Tea/coffee home brewers will probably be familiar with that phenomenon.AMBIANCE/EXPERIENCEThis is about as Zen as it gets. If you come alone, you'll be able to think clearly here. If you have company, the environment lends itself to great conversation. I used to duck in here at the end of a particularly stressful day at work, and it never failed.RECCOMMENDATIONGive yourself at least 45 minutes to really enjoy what this place has to offer.
Quaint, cozy, calming. the tea is impeccable and the staff know so much. You could also spend hours looking at the vast collection of tea pots from Asia situated in glass cases all along the tea room. The same man (maybe owner?) always serves us and he's always chipper and sweet. If you're munchy, their veggie skewers that look/taste like chicken will satisfy you. I don't know how they make them so addictive. Go there!
A visit to this tea room is a must. Vintage wooden furniture, shelves upon shelves of different clay and porcelain tea sets, and walls of teas from all over Asia. If you are not a huge tea lover then it is still worth it to have a peak inside if you are in the area. You can order tea (with a small selection of dim sum type foods) or just buy tea leaves to go. The prices for tea ranged from $14 - $30 per 100g. They have a menu list of teas and will let you smell each one but do not expect them to actually know anything about the teas. Any question I had about things like health benefits, food pairing, caffeine levels, etc. went unanswered. Overall a cute gem in old Montreal!
This place is in such a quaint looking area of the old port.  Cobblestone and all.  Inside, you are treated to a very tea house like atmosphere.  Teas everywhere.  They also have a small menu to pair your tea with light appetizer type food.  It's nice to sit down, relax, and pretend you are a little snobbier than you really are.The service is nice and they will chat with you about the different types of teas.  We got one of the blossom teas which are always fun to watch as they steep in the glass tea pot.There is definitely a zen like feel to this place.  I like it a lot.
Delicious steamed or fried dumplings! 1 order is $8 and comes with 15 dumplings. Your choice of meat. Perfect on a cold day
On a freezing Saturday afternoon, walking in Old Montreal, and as we were really just looking for a place to get in and warm up, we ended up here, and we were never happier to stumble upon a place we probably would not have entered otherwise. The staff is absolutely welcoming and friendly, giving you time and advice to choose from their long tea menu. The tea presentation and explanation on how to drink it the proper way was definitely appreciated as well. These people really know teas and they're happy to share it. The atmosphere set by the place with all their teas, teapots and Chinese decorations puts you in some kind of tea trance and you leave in a tea zenitude you never thought possible (yes I believe my body reacts to tea as if some kind of drug and I'm now in the aftermath of wanting more more more!)
Great decor, excellent tea, and friendly and helpful staff.  I came here to relax with a book while I enjoyed some tea and I was not disappointed!  They have a huge selection and are good about offering recommendations and explaining the differences between the choices.  I will definitely come back here next time I'm in Montreal.
After an extremely relaxing day of some much needed R&R at Spa Scandinave I decided to take a nice walk around Old Montreal and came across a cute little Tea House on Rue Saint Suplice called Ming Tao Xuan.With an air of Buddhist serenity, it feels like you are stepping into a tea house somewhere in a Chinese village and not off the street in old Montreal.  Ming Tao Xuan means "a comfortable and welcoming salon where fine teas can be enjoyed in earthenware teapots".  What that actually means--not to sure--but the tea selection is phenomenal.  There were so many choices I couldn't keep up.  The menu reminds me of a Sun Tzu novel!
I am a regular at this teahouse, and I wouldn't go anywhere else for good tea.They serve your tea in a yixing teapot and walk you through the gongfu cha ceremony.The tea is top notch. They have a wide selection of oolongs and pu'erhs. Definitely try the Golden Leaf, and the premium Pouchong. Excellent Tiegwanyin King too, if you're willing to pay the price.They have very good greens as well - I recommend Yun wu, yun ya, and mao feng.The owners are very friendly and helpful in choosing a tea for every occasion.The shop itself is also worth a visit just to see the beautiful woodwork and all the teapots.Great place to sit down after a long walk around old port, unwind after a work day, or wrap up a meal on a night out.
Needed to kill some time while waiting for a dinner reservation and found this little place on Yelp.  Located on a corner in a lovely historic part of Montreal, the owners of this little tea house make you feel like you are part of an ancient personal tea ceremony. The tea selections are described in detail in their tea "menu". Each tea has it's own special presentation and tea pot. It was a wonderful way to spend a chilly late afternoon talking with friends and we were never made to feel rushed. It only has 4 tables so I would recommend going at "off" hours to make sure you get a seat and are truly able to enjoy the experience. I wish it was closer to home I would be there every week.
Ming Tao Xuan is a relaxing, beautiful, well decorated establishment. My party entered about 40 minutes before closing during a Montreal rainstorm. They advised us they were closing in 40 minutes but we still decided to order tea. They have a huge variety of tea including herbal as well! We chose a green tea leaf and they immediately brought out the hot water and tea set. They show you how to properly steep the tea and they you follow the instructions to do it yourself 3-4 more times. They also serve small snacks such as buns as well.The price is anywhere from 6 to 8 dollars per person.The service is excellent and the place has a elegant feel to it. I will return!!
Very nice!A very relaxing experience here! The people are very nice too. They aren't going to walk you through everything, at least not by default. Maybe if you engage them earlier they might give you recommendations, otherwise read through the extensive menu. I spent about an hour and a half here, had a great time too. The tea we selected was pretty good, not awesome, but decent none-the-less!A large selection of tea, lots of background on it as well, but no "special" or real "premium quality" stuff it seemed.
The shop has beautiful tea pots. I splurged and got a sweet-looking and not inexpensive set, something I'd wanted for a long time. After a month of use, the made in China pot started leaking from the bottom. I called to ask if I could get a refund. The owner said he could not do that because he would lose money. He offered an exchange, but with me paying postage both ways (I live in Vermont). I felt this was poor customer service and feel cheated. I don't want to pay double postage for a poor quality item that might leak again. The owner basically said too bad.
One of my quiet spots in Old Montreal to take a relaxing tea with friends. The decor is quite exquisite, and you just want to be quiet when you sip your cup while looking outside. There is a wide array of tea selections, from white to red to dark teas, and they are quite reasonable in their price. There's not a lot to eat as a snack to accompany your tea, but it's ok: you don't go there for the food, but for the tea!
Tea to cleanse your soul....well that's what my Mama kept on sayin'!! By sheer curiosity of the place (originally looking at the cupcake shop next door) we entered the Ming Tao Xuan tea house (aka: Salon de Te) and had the instant feeling of entering an actual tea house in China. The place is beautifully decorated with authentic artifacts and shelves loaded with hand-crafted teapots and tea accessories. A full-detailed Tea menu is brought by one of their knowledgeable tea experts who gives you a full description of any and all teas, tea properties, and advises on how to choose your tea. Teas price range from $6-8 dollars and they also have several options of cookies and light pastries as an accompanimentThe tea presentation makes this a  remarkable experience.....I can't describe how much fun we had throughout it all....Tea service is very affordable but prices of the teapots and its accessories are what could possibly break your bank. The craftsmanship of the tea pots is amazing and if you budget right, you can put together an exquisite set to bring back home and show how cultured you are! Hit the tea house after the a long walk around the Vieux Port and before visiting the Notre-Dame Basilica. You'll feel immensely cleansed and ready for a prayer or two at church!
Extremely cool place to get out of the cold and relax a bit.  Do yourself a favor and get some tea here.  The owners take pride in what they do and it is very affordable.
Preamble: I've never been to a Tea House before.*Service (5/5)*: I'd give the guy a 6 if it made sense. The service was the definition of amazing. He was more than willing to talk about the different teas, their history and their characteristics. Making sure he got the order and giving suggestions.Then the tea came.For every order he'd prepare the tea set up in front of you and then walk you through the preparation. Though he would say the same directions to each one of us (4), it completely felt as if he was talking to you individually and teaching you this personal tea ritual. Very personable, knowledgeable, helpful and inviting. He made the experience.*Food/Tea (4/5)*: I'm no tea connoisseur, just see the preamble. I almost went to a Starbucks for a Grande Dirty Chai (Tazo Chai latte with soy and a shot of expresso) before walking in this place on a whim. None the less, I really enjoyed my Taiwan GABA Dragon Tea and Vegetable "Bun", like a wonton bun thing filled with soy and veggies. Oh and it was delicious. I left wishing I hadn't shared. I'm not a huge believer on the medicinal properties of tea, but I definitely felt calmer when I left the place.But that could have some thing to do with the...*Atmosphere (4/5)*: Beautiful. Light oriental themed harmonies in the back ground. A bunch of Buddha's smiling at you. A million interesting tea pots and tea paraphernalia to browse. Divider like show pieces between tables for a relatively private setting. Very nice.*Verdict?*: I'd be here regularly if I lived in old Montreal.
Come to this tranquil and beautiful setting to enjoy an elegant, traditional Chinese tea service. The extensive tea menu can be rather confusing if you're not a tea guru, but the knowledgeable and gracious servers are more than happy to help you choose. My only concern in writing such a positive review: Next time I go, there won't be any tables available. (There are only about 5 tables, I think.)
I loved this tea house. it was warm and charming the menu and options were vast and the tea was delicious and graciously given. I ended up purchasing a few items from here as gifts and I do plan to come back again and would recommend it to anyone visiting the area. It was a true treat!
Love, love this place! Excellent service, tea, and all kinds of beautiful pottery.  Very knowledgeable staff, so relaxing to go there
The hustle and bustle of sight seeing can take a lot out of a traveller. Recharge at this lovely Chinese tea house. After a hectic day of walking all over old Montreal I stopped by this little shop and was transported to ancient China. The tea is sublime, the cookies were delicious and tasted homemade, the ambiance of the tea house was second to none.After half an hour of drinking and eating I noticed that I could barely hear the outside traffic of pedestrians. If you are in old Montreal and plan on seeing the Notre Dame Basilica, stop by this tea house, it is a block away from it. Refresh and enjoy!
I love, love, love this place. They have an amazing selection of tea and the staff is very knowledgeable. Plus, the food is yummy. The ambiance really sets this place apart. They have beautiful wood work and gorgeous tea accouterments. If you're looking for a tasty snack and some interesting tea, this is the place for you. (Keep in mind, though, the menu is small. So, don't come here if you're super hungry or have a bunch of people).
If there's a thing great bakers know, it's that butter is God. Au Kouing-Amann has great bakers. I'd like to recommend this place for it's eponymous dish, but it might mean more people will go and then there won't be any more for me. Sure, I'll slim down a bit, but who cares? My girlfriend? Who's she? My doctor? He'll get over it!So my recommendation is: don't go! Stay in your house with your skinny figure and butterless misery. Never discover the wonderful world of butter, sugar and flour in their perfectly decadent balance.
Patisserie Au Kouign-Amann is a small little bakery that offers croissants, quiches, and sandwiches.  I tried their ham & cheese croissant, a Danoise Aux Framboises, as well as a traditional slice of the kouign amann.  The ham & cheese croissant was pretty delicious, as they split the croissant and place it on parchment paper and heat it up on a panini press - the then put the halves back together and it was a buttery melty goodness - I was surprised that it wasn't at all salty, and the ham slices wasn't too overwhelming.  The Danoise Aux Framboises was just okay, as I got this more based on the look - it was a small cute little tart that was filled with some raspberries, but it wasn't what I expected it to be; I was thinking it would be more along the line of a danish with some cream and raspberries, but it was a bit doughy and lacked any flavor to it.  The kouign amann was interesting, as rather than a contemporary rendition, it is of a traditional pie slice format that is found in the Bretagne area of France.  This had a light sugary glaze on the outside, but it wasn't as crisp and flaky as I imagined it being.  Staff were super friendly, and there are only two tables within - most patrons were getting theirs to-to.+ham & cheese croissants+offers traditional kouign amann+friendly staff+only 2 tables inside
Oh my, I had one of the most delicious croissants of my life! We went with the almond croissant and it was amazing!! Melt in your mouth, light and flaky.  We also got a sweeter treat (don't know the name) which was also amazing.I am only knocking off a star because we were unable to sit to enjoy our pastries.  There are only two tiny tables and one was occupied by someone reading.  Not fair. :(
Went here at around Sunday 12 o clock. The pungent smell of baked goods is exactly what you need on a Sunday. There was quite a few people in there when i went in. I wanted to try one of their fresh croissants but they had none left :( , so i went for an almond croissant in the window.It was amazing, there is crazy amounts of butter used in making them but life is worth living.It would of got a 5 if it fresh croissants ready.
The kouign-amanns here are the best I have ever had, by far. They're denser than many others I've had, with a thicker, more crackly sugar crust. The rest of their pastries and quiches are great, too, as is their coffee. It's a cute setting too.
The baked good here are delicious! It's all that butter and sugar. Makes everything taste wonderful. Dropped by after this was recommended by some local friends. Everything I got was still warm and fresh out of the oven. Their signature dessert the kouign Amann, was yummy. The outside had a lovely sugar crust with layers of pastry. You can definitely taste the butter in this. It is a bit on the sweet side, but paired with tea or cafe Au lair it makes perfect match! Definitely get the a hot beverage here, they are lovely as well. I also tried the chocolate pastry, which was delicious as well. The dough was soft and fluffy and the chocolate inside was a melted gooeyness.There is seating inside of you wish to eat there, but it's very limited. So if you are a large group I'd recommend getting your things to go. It's a definite must stop on any visit to Montreal!
When you will get within 100m from this place you will start smelling the butter and will immediately be drown in to this pastry kingdom. The first time I entered this place I knew this will go into my "bring a tourist" place since it has this unique charm of a small local place that does magic and you will never have known about it unless you have a local friend or by accident. One of my friends insist we will go there each time we are in the area, after I introduced this hidden jam to him. The place is not huge but most people do come for the takeout anyway, if you do go there YOU MUST try the Kouign-Amann a pastry that has the business name, it has to be unique right? and it is. It is like a brioche-croissant hybrid. If they already ran out (sometimes they do) it ok everything else is also paradise.
This has got to be the best almond croissants I have had ever.As everyone suggested, try the Almond Croissant and the Kouign Amann. I tried both and didn't really care for the Kouign Amann much, but the Almond Croissant, I can eat a dozen of them with no problem at all!The croissant was perfect - light and airy inside with an definite crust on the outside. The filling was sweet, rich almond flavor without being overdone.The joint is a bit small. There are only six chairs and 3 small tables in the bakery. It's either take it to go or a long wait for someone to finish. The people working the front of the house was very nice and answered all my questions with no problem.I will be coming back to this place EVERY single time i visit Montreal. I will also be bringing back a dozen of those Almond Croissant to share with my partner at home.
Prepare to have your mind blown. This is by far the best croissants in the city, dare I say the country! They are that good. You can literally walk in any time of day and get a fresh out of the oven, still warm croissant. The butter croissant, chocolatine and croissant aux amandes are all equally phenomenal in their own respect. If I'm being honest, I just take one of each:) They also have a house specialty called kouign amann, picture a butter croissant layered into a caramelized cake. Need I say more?!
Awesome croissants and kouign- Amann! They make fresh baked goods. You can see some fresh croissant making action also.
Once you have their croissants or any other pastry there, you won't be able to enjoy any other pastry from another bakery. It's a locally owned business with friendly service and delicious food! They need to work on their coffee, but other than that, no complaints.You need to try this at least once.*Cash only!
My life will never be the same again. I'd never even heard of kouign amman before coming here, and I was just looking for a croissant. I found croissants, but I also found something so much better. It looked kind of like a cross between a pie and a cake, smothered in butter and sugar. It was flaky, it was crunchy, it was doughy. Words can't even even describe it. All I can say is thank you for opening my eyes to a whole new world of baked goods.
So today I would like to share my grievance with Patisserie Au Kouign Amann on Mont Royal street. Right before leaving Montreal I decided to buy a croissant fromage from them, but never got the chance to eat it. Thank god I didn't, because today as I bit into this croissant I crunched on three pieces of glass. I was shocked and bewildered to learn that something so dangerous was found in my food. I'm not there anymore, but for anyone who still goes there be careful, because there is clearly someone who is negligent working there. I included some photos in this rant as further proof of this gross negligence.
An outstanding bakery. This place was absolutely amazing and I wish I could come here every day for one of their signature pastries. The line was out the door when we came. This place is small and has wooden walls and floor. The counter houses some pastries but their namesake Kouign-Amann is so delicious. The one piece we had was so dense and flaky that it felt huge. We also sampled one of their blueberry tarts which was to die for. It was complex, with a sweet blueberry taste and a less sweet pastry dough. This place is definitely worth the visit when in the area.
Great French bakery on Mont du Royal! Shop is tiny with 3 tables. No restrooms. Street parking only. Friendly staff and service. This place definitely knows their French pastries. I ordered:regular croissant - crispy, flaky, buttery goodnesscheese croissant - there were crispy cheesy edges w/ hints of nutmeg and black/white pepper. Buttery perfection.pain aux raisin - crispy, buttery, sweet and amazing.  the best pain aux raisin I've had in Montreal. kouign amann - different from what I've tasted before. It's a little bit denser here with an eggy flavor. It still has the sugary crisp exterior though w/ a little bit of salt. Please expand your shop and make it larger with more seating. :) Would definitely visit again. Best flaky pastries I've tasted thus far on our little baby moon adventure in Montreal.
Tried their famous kouign amann, was okay. I liked its sugary coat, but the texture was a little dense for me. Their kouign amann was different from the ones offered at Patrice Patissier and Dominique Ansel in NYC(which I liked better) in terms of shape and texture. The espresso was really tasty in such a cold day. Staff was very friendly!
since my review, i ventured out of my tunnel vision and tried their other pastries so the filled (almonds, etc) croissants, danish, brioche, muffins. no coffee though as usually bakery coffee isn't the best and there's some really great cafés in the hood.verdict? everything is great despite the insane amount of butter you'll consume in one sitting but life is made to be enjoyed and who gives a shit if you were to die tomorrow if you live to the fullest? rather die young than old and bed ridden ;)anyway, for people wondering what in the blue hell is a kouign amann. the queen is a breton cake made with laminated dough (croissant dough) that you sprinkle sugar in the last 2 turns (process of rolling and folding to create layers) and bake in ring mold (for individual) or in a skillet like mold for the cake shape and of course, for the caramel effect, sugar at the bottom of the mold and another sprinkle on top.so, if you already make croissant (lucky you), you can have a try at the queen. for everyone else, we'll have to buy it here but seriously, its that fucking good that homemade may not necessarily be any better unless there's a healthy version?
OMG...this is the best Mom and Pop bakery in Montreal for me.     The lines usually are 10 deep and the place is tiny...only 3-4 table.   So most people get take out.  Like in France..Everything we ordered was just outstanding....starting with the Kouign-Amman (layered cake/bread originally from Bretagne....sweet, buttery...flaky...yummy ...), the Almond croissant...full of almonds on top with a delicious croissant bread....and the Pain au lait Chocolat.   A nice little moist bread filled with a delicious chocolate thingy inside....Yum..  They also have quiche, croque monsieur, soups, brownies, etc.   Right now they just closed for vacation...July 6-30 (2015).
I have dreams of this place and they are particularly of the naughty nature. Their almond croissants and kouign amann hit all the sweet spots. The almond croissant looks harmless with its flaky texture and sprinkle of almonds. But one mouthful will have you falling apart with all it's buttery goodness. It's the best croissant I've EVER had.Their namesake, the kouign amann, is equally as delicious in a different way. This is a true dessert with all its sugar. I love the caramelized taste and more solid layers. It's a whole different type of pastry that doesn't fall apart in your mouth, but you can feel the sweet release with every chew.I picked up an apple and cheese sandwich and wasn't a fan. However, I was so blown away by the pastries that I didn't mind so much.
Had the house pastry, Kouingn Amann which was fantastic in addition to their Croque Monsier with apple and goat cheese...both were AMAZING!!! What an adorable shop and great friendly service as well!!!
Almond croissant, just sayin'. Thus place is 3 scoops of European charm and class right here in Montreal. You are lucky to enjoy the light butteriness of their delicate baked goods. 5 stars. Mazel Tov!
So much win. The most perfect, flaky croissants I've ever had. I was in Montreal for five days and I think I had ten of them. My mouth is watering right now. I loved the chocolate and ham and cheese (that's two different types of croissants- though these pastries are so good a hybrid would probably still be good), but the best was the almond. Holy shit, you guys. Coated in crispy almonds and glazed/caramelized on top of it's buttery, doughy layers, these things are pillowy perfection. Sigh.All of the workers were super nice and helpful and didn't act like it was a hassle that my French is limited to words I've heard in Ratatouille. The place itself is like a bakery from the movies. Montreal, I will be back, and the first place I'm stopping is Au Kouign Amann.
My favorite patisserie in Montreal! Delicious, fresh pastries for great prices! The service is friendly and joyous. I love ordering whatever's come straight out of the oven into the shelf--still warm and aromatic. I wish I had a French bakery like this across the street from me in New York!
If it's any indication, I take any and every friend from out of town to try their kouign-amann. Yummy, caramely goodness.
Went here on a whim on the last day of our trip, and it was the luckiest whim of the trip. This is the kind of place you dream of stumbling upon when you travel.The quality of the pastries at this place is like no other. We first ordered a coupls of classics -- a croissant and a croissant au chocolat. Sat down to eat and it was the best we've ever hard, in fact, better than pastries we had in France. So buttery, with a little crisp, yet light and airy.The kind older gentleman sitting next to us frequents this shop every weekend. He told us we *needed* to try the Kouign-Amann pastry as soon as the next fresh batch came out.We did, and we're so glad we did. So perfect.
Without a doubt, one of the top three bakeries I have ever had the privilege of visiting. This is a little gem of a bakery in the heart of the Plateau, and could be easily overlooked if it weren't for its word of mouth reputation among the locals. A no-frills authentic bakery with a rustic ambiance.Arrive early, as items disappear off the shelves while still warm out of the oven. Must try: pain au chocolat, almond and plain croissants, and for those with a sweeter tooth, try their signature Kouign-Aman cake. (Just forget the calories on this occasion. It's totally worth it!)
Yes the house specialty was good. But the cheese croissant really blew me away. Try to get it fresh from the oven. The staff is also extremely friendly.
This is the place I like to go on Sunday morning. That's the best place in Montreal to have a good chocolate croissant.Yum !!!
Perfect.Au Kouign-Amann is what I want every bakery to be.Small, yet enough room for a few tables and chairs.Serving fresh baguette, croissant, quiche, and coffee. Yum.There was a small line when I arrived, and the tables were full, but in a few minutes some people left, allowing me to sit in the window seat, bask in the April sunlight and enjoy my quiche lorraine and kouign amann.They pressed the quiche lorraine for me, making it warm and toasty (but not too hot). The crust was flaky and buttery. The ham and cheese slight salty. Perfection! I'm considering returning tomorrow just for this delicious treat.The kouign amann was also very good. Layers of pastry, topped with a sugary crusty glaze. So good! How is this not more popular in the States?Au Kouign-Amann is definitely worth a visit. Don't pass it up!
yum. yum. yum. This is a must for any pastry lover! The shop is quite small so maybe get your stuff to go. They have a great selection of sweet foods - I would strongly recommend the almond croissant. The Kouign-Amman (a pastry dessert from Brittany) is delicious and a unique treat. There are also the standard french lunch foods such as croque monsieur and quiche which were just as good as their pastries. If you're in the area - it's a sin to not stop by for a snack!
Omg.. I came here for the almond croissants (freaking delicious on so many levels), and came out having found the best quiche I've ever eaten. I never before had a quiche with the egg portion that had such a soft and fluffy consistency. The veggies inside (leeks and spinach) were so fresh and flavorful. Moving on to the croissants -- I don't even know where to start! You just have to try it yourself. To top it all off, the service was the best! Best barista with the most positive and charming attitude. We will plan on picking up a bunch more treats on our way out of Montreal to bring back home!
Cute lil place on Mont Royal street. There was no wait and there was a place to sit(considering it holds about 6 people total, I was lucky) The Croissants here are mouthwatering. The ham and cheese sandwich is beautifully put together and savory. The almond croissant is simply superb and hit the perfect sweetness. I also had a double shot cafe au lait, and it was on point! Will come again when in Montreal.
Out of chocolate croissants?Heartbroken, I ordered two Almond croissants instead.The inside of the bakery is small, just a few tables and a counter to order.  We sat on the bench outside, and even though I briefly moped about the absence of my chocolate croissant, I really liked the almond.  As a matter of fact, it was the BEST croissant I have had ANYWHERE.  It was buttery and crisp with moist and flaky layers.Some of the almonds fell off of the croissant with each bite, and the pigeons were happy to pick them up for me.  Bonus!The name of the place is tough to spell, especially if 1) you don't speak French, and 2) have no freaking idea that a Kouign Amann is an edible thing.  Be patient, mon amie, it is well worth repeatedly searching for it on Yelp.  I gave up a few times and just looked for "croissant."
thank god we took a walk after dinner because we would've never have gone the following day in heavy rain to stop at the best thing we had while in Montreal. words and stars cant describe how life changing your kouign amann was. the best way i guess,... if you hid your last slice of kouign amann, i would search all over this earth like the holy grail.we've had them before but nothing that looked or felt or tasted like yours. its almost a travesty if other places called theirs kouign amann. did a little search after because why did most look and taste so different, but yours is the real deal without going to brittany.....the way they were from the beginning before everyone fusioned it. its like calling sparkling wine bottled in California champagne. the wife described it as a creme brulé/flan in pastry form with caramelized crack. we could be fanatics but it seems you already have them with the locals you knew as they walked in. as we sat and took it all in, i couldn't leave without having one more slice. I savored every bite and that last was sad indeed. i hope Mont Royal and Montreal realize what they have with you.
I can't say enough wonderful things about this bakery. It's probably one of the best I've been to for croissants...in the world. Small and unassuming from the outside, the activity inside is an endless flurry of pastry-packed baking sheets being pulled out and put into the ovens. The prices are very reasonable but beware that it's cash only. The croissant and kouign amman were placed into a paper bag - seconds later when I opened the bag on the street, a rush of steam poured out, surprising me that both were incredibly warm.As others have said, THE BUTTER. These are the butteriest pastries I've had in a long time, and I thought it was gorgeous that each crispy-then-soft-and-steamy bite of the croissant tasted like each layer had been carefully rolled and infused with shredded lard. Gross? No. Life-changing. The kouign amman was amazing itself - buttery, sugary, perfectly carmelized and crunchy.I will never again return to Montreal without coming here!
We were just passing by this neighborhood when i saw this small little place. It was weekend and they were about to close. They had nothing left other than the croissant. So just to try it out we took one and it was amazing. The best I have had so far! It was fairly priced at $1.35 and how I really wished they had more stuff left. I am not a regular to that area but I am definitely going back to try other things.
This is a tiny bakery located in the heart of the Plateau with a mighty fine product.   The croissants are to die for and will not disappoint.  The exterior is crispy while the interior is chewy and oh so buttery.  I also tried their homemade strawberry-mango juice which was very fruity and didn't seem to contain lots of added sugar.  I haven't tried their signature Kouign Amann yet but I will definitely be trying it on a future visit.  It's just so hard to decide between that or the croissants because they all look and smell so good!Just a heads up that it is cash only so be sure you have enough when you go.  Their prices are very reasonable.  You will not be disappointed by this place!
This is the best bakery we've tried in Montreal. It doesn't have the fancy boutique flair of Gascogne or Premier Moisson, but it carries the rustic charm of a French bakery you would encounter in the countryside .The almond croissants are the best we've had in town (not too sweet, but infusing with almond flavour), and the Kouign-Amann is a special from Bretagne, France, and also a must-try. Staff are pleasant and friendly. The only downside is they tend to run out of their best items quick, so getting there early or ordering ahead might be a good idea.  Watching their kitchen on-site is awesome. Prices also very reasonable; cash only.
I can't believe I only discovered this bakery now! It is absolutely fantastic. The kouing Amann is to die for. I think we had the last of the amandine and it may have been sitting out for awhile so I can't give a proper review of it, but I would definitely buy it if it came out fresh from the oven. The brownies are decadent and the blueberry pastry are also fantastic. I preferred the ham and cheese croque monsieur over the apple one, but that's only because I am not a huge fan of goat cheese. It's too bad there are only 3 little tables at the bakery, but if you could find a seat on a cold winter day, you could eat your heart away forever! Trust me, it's worth the detour or the extra drive. And it doesn't hurt that the prices are very reasonable too.
The flaky, buttery, and crispy on the outside but slightly chewy in the center croissants are simply divine! I promise you that after trying one of these piping hot freshly baked bundles of joy you will come back for more. Two more "Breton" (Brittany) specialities to try is the Kouing Amann, a round crusty, rich but light cake made with puffed bread dough containing layers of butter and caramelized sugar or the famous Farz Breton, a traditional flan-style egg and mill custard dessert with raisins or other small fruits soaked in liquor or alcohol.To round up your breakfast pit stop, don't miss out on a delicious cup of latté served by the charming hosts Elizabeth and Keith - who have seriously contagious smiles!The sweet aroma and hustle & bustle of Nicolas Henri's artisan bakery remind me of such fond childhood memories when visiting my grandmother in France... hope this destination will help you find your happy place too!
Hands down the best Croissants in Montreal. They are orgasmic-ally delicious. The first time I went here, I got croissants right from the oven. Was like heaven. I dunno what makes em so awesome. Maybe they add crack in em and it makes me go all Rob Ford on em. Food : WOWService :FastAmbiance : CasualWorth the price : YesP.S. :  I do not endorse Smoking Crack
Whatever you do, order the almond croissant. Just do it! I've never had anything like it, so light and flaky, its top lightly glazed and crusted with sliced almonds. There's a thin layer of something sweet inside, with a texture that reminded me a bit of bread pudding. So good.
When I last came to Montréal 2 years ago, Au Kouign-Amann was closed (it was July) because they were on vacation. So I was super happy to finally get a chance to visit them this last trip. And it was well worth it!The location is small and charming, much as you would imagine a cozy little bakery to be. It has just a few seats but I think patrons are pretty aware that it's a busy location and seem to finish eating quickly to make room for others.We had an almond croissant which was buttery, light and flaky! Just delicious! We also had their chocolatine which good, but certainly not the best I had. However, their masterpiece is certainly their Kouign Amann, which I was dying to try. It's layers of dense pastry, almost like cake, with a sweet, caramelized glaze. I had just one piece that day, but kept thinking about it, so I decided to go back the day I was leaving Montréal and ordered a whole round one and bring it back to Vancouver with me. I think the lady at airport security wanted to confiscate it so that she could eat it later! LOL! Something that good had to be shared with the rest of the family!Au Kouign-Amann is certainly a place you should visit!
Best croissants! Great staff!My sister and I found this place on one of our strolls on a cold winter day around four years ago. We could smell the croissants from afar, and ever since we took our first steps in the store, we haven't been disappointed. The staff are always wonderful and always serve you with a smile (even if you speak little French). I think the pastries taste so amazon because they all love what they do, and this love seeps into the end product. There is no other place in town that is even comparable in taste and freshness to them.I fell in love with their Kouign-Amann, but I also recommend their Tarts and croissants. They better have a branch up in heaven; cause otherwise, something will be missing for sure.
I saw the reviews on Yelp and knew I had to stop by this magical dream factory of wonder.  I've had a kouign-Amman before and couldn't wait to have one that didn't come out of a box in the frozen section.It sent me on a spiritual quest to a world where anything is possible and everything tastes like flaky caramelized pastry layers and butter.  I met a golden angel that gave me a ride to the moon and back.  Together we unraveled the secrets of the universe.  I came to in a heap on the floor.  "JE VOUDRAIS UN CROISSANT AUX AMANDES" I barked, my broken French resonating off the walls.  The team of pastry chefs in the back room looked at me quizzically, their trays of unbaked goodies rising on the table in front of them.  The eternally kind and patient counter staff collectively rolled their eyes.  "Typical American" they thought.  I was given a to go bag with the pastry inside.  The sides of the bag glistened from the butter seeping out of the fresh baked good.  The almond croissant had a crispy outer layer surrounding a custard like crumb and was so good it made me want to slap someone.  Instead I just put a toonie in the bucket and left feeling like a BOSS.Come get some life changing pastries at this place.  Their coffees okay, but really it's the pastries that will make your taste buds take a one way express trip to flavor country.
Ohh butter! Yummy butter croissant, yummy croque monsieur.. yummy all! I drive by everyday and always make sure they haven't closed or moved. If they ever did i would be devastated! I will keep this review short so I can leave my house now and go get a ham and cheese croissant with a chocolatine!
Your life (or your Montreal visit at the very least) isn't complete until you've been to Au Kouign-Amann and tried out a slice of the eponymous cake. It's buttery and delicious. And that's really the best I can come up with to describe it. It's a life-changing experience. It's a religious experience. It will redefine your standards for cake. If you don't have standards for cake, you will develop them. ... Hopefully I haven't hyped it up too much. Their other pastries are good too - I tried their tartelettes and chocolate croissants and liked them both. But mostly, I regretted not having got a slice of Kouign-Amann instead.
Amazing amazing Kouign Amman. I tried it last time in Montreal based on yelp reviews, and I salivate and dream of it every day still. Given my baked goods addiction, I made a trip to all the highly-rated bakeries in Montreal, and this place stands head and shoulders above its peers. When I was here, there was even a tour bus that stopped in front of the store and hoards of tourists came down to take pictures of the storefront! For those who never tried it. It is a very unique pastry. Warm and very perfectly buttery, layered dough. Worth every calorie and more! I tried all the Kouign Ammans I can find in New York and they don't come even close to the quality here.
Best croissants I have ever had and that includes Paris. We had the basic croissant and a chocolate croissant, both will make your mouth water. I also had their soup of the day, a carrot onion cream soup and a croque monsieur. All of it was delicious!
I happened to be in Vermont and thought "what's 2 hours to Montreal?" So I showed up at the border and the agent was like "where are you going?" And I told her I was going to a pastry shop called "Au Kouign Amann" and she smiled that smile like "you silly American, driving all this way for pastry." But she let me in and I ate the hell out of those pastries, I still love you Au Kouign Amann. I'd give you six stars if I could!
Amazing almond croissant and kouign amann.  Must try!
MELT IN YOUR MOUTH PASTRY and fairly priced. We bought 3 pastries for out train ride back to NYC. Upon the first bite we regret not buying more. Delicious.
2 flaky croissants that tasted very good. Staff was very friendly. They don't take credit card, but they open at 7AM
What a cute little bakery! There wasn't a huge selection, but I rode the metro for an hour for ONE purpose: to try that kougin-amann. At $1.95 a slice, which came to $2.25 including tax, the trek was well worth it. The portion is bigger in comparison to the square of chocolate babka you get from Cheskies. The kouign-amann is soft and buttery, and even better when it's warm. If you ask the person at the counter to heat it up, they will (DO IT!)
This place is absolutely incredible. Following a tip from a friend, I found this tiny patisserie a few days ago wandering around Plateau Mt. Royal. As she described the windows are always steamy from them making fresh pastries. The almond croissant was incredible but my favorite is the house name, Kouign Amann which was blow me away amazing. The coffee was strong but perfect for my taste. Only 2 tables so be mindful of that. But who cares if the pastries are that good! Likely going back for a third time in 6 days today!
Baguette and kouign amann were extremely good, even at 6pm, hours after they were made. I highly recommend.
Wow ,, just wow.This place worth the travail. I wouldn't mind to eat everyday breakfast there for the rest of my life.Every thing they have is fresh and very good.
Hands down the best bakery in Montreal.
Dropped in on a friend's recommendation for a traditional croissant and an almond croissant. Best I've ever had. There isn't much seating, but we just took them with us up to a bus stop and ate them there. The smell of the place really grabs you even from the street. Not crowded at all. Stop by if you are in the area. :)
I was in charge of desserts for friends' new year's dinner, so naturally I got a whole bunch of kouign amann (my fave pastry ever) from the boulangerie.We ended up not having enough to split among the group because I ate one too many before bringing the pastries to dinner... then I lied about having never had the boulangerie's kouign amann so my poor french friends would ration me the last piece on the table.Am I going to hell for all the gluttony and lies?
This French bakery was amazing. The croissants were fresh and soft but just the right amount of crisp and buttery. I also got a veggie quiche which was delicious and tried the Kouign Amman pastry which was amazing! It's like a croissant but with caramelized sugar. A very fluffy puff pastry with similar layers to a croissant but even better which I didn't think was possible because I love croissants!
The quiche and almond croissant was amazing! Great service , no frills, and the smell of freshly baked pastries fill the room!
Unique, authentic atmosphere with fast service. I love how you can actually see everything being made by hand. After coming here last year; just couldn't resist another visit. WORTH IT. Amazing quiche, and best croissants ever.
Can't believe that I haven't written a review for this place considering how often I go. Hands down, THE best croissants in the city...there, I said it. They constantly have a new batch in the oven and the place smells divine from afar, like a siren calling me to 'eat more butter.' The people complaining about lack of variety, WTF? You go for the croissants and the Kouing Aman...what else do you need?!? Damn, now I' hungry.
If you're looking for the butteriest, most mouth-watering, melt-in-your-mouth croissants in Montreal, you need not look any further. Not to mention fresh breads, pastries and an incredible squash soup that is richer and creamier than a dairy farmer. Don't be thrown off by the line out the door. It moves fast, and even if it didn't, their baked goods are well worth the wait.
Don't you just love it when something lives up to its hype? And so it was with these incredibly crispy, irresistibly buttery croissants.Certainly among the best I've ever had!
Small little bakery and was wondering how a croissant could be so incredible.Let's put it this way, I left feeling the same way.Got the almond croissant with two americanos.Good but nothing special.
Boulangerie Kouign-Amann's version of the butter cake is served as a slice from a larger disk (different from the biscuit-shaped ones that I'm more familiar with in my home city).It was crispy, crunchy, flaky, chewy, and almost juicy from all the butter that's in it! However, I prefer the biscuit shape as it's smaller and has a greater surface area, resulting in more crunchy caramelized bits on the outside.Regardless of shape, kouign-amanns are still fun to say, and even more fun to eat!
I've been around the world, and I can honestly say that this is the BEST bakery I've EVER been to.  Their signature cake, the "kouign amann" is so delicious!  It's cheap too!  The service was fantastic, and they are happy to speak English for us non-Quebec'ians.  Only negative thing:  not enough seating
I could write an entire novel about this place. Discovering this diamond in the rough changed my life. Exaggeration? Absolutely not.I was visiting Montreal with my friend, and we were dying to buy our first croissant. We had no idea where to begin, but we were in the area and decided to explore. We stumbled across this hole in the wall, and it was like walking into your grandma's kitchen. The smells were intoxicating, the food looked delicious, and the staff was cheery, sincere, and all-around wonderful. I kept it simple by getting a butter croissant, but I don't think I could've gone wrong with anything in the shop. The croissant was warm, flaky, airy, and absolutely the most delicious croissant I've ever had in my entire life. I couldn't believe my mouth, to be frank. After experiencing one, my friend and I ended up here three or four more times; we were only in Montreal for four days. We went out of our way to drive to Boulangerie before leaving the city for Toronto! That last time, I did get a delicious mocha.As the woman who seemed to run the joint said to me every time she handed me my order - Voila! That's right. It was like I was brought to this place by some higher power.I need a croissant. Now.
Fantastic croissants - haven't had better outside of France, except for one other place in Montreal!
I LOVE this place. The kouign amann is addictive and the croissant is one of the best in town. Good coffee, too, for accompanying your pastries.
What can I say about this old fashion bakery with old world pricing!! Their kouign Amin is the best I had (better than D. Ansel in NYC) and it is only $1.95 and their croissants are also the best - buttery and flaky and tender inside (only $1.35)  the pricing is as of Nov.13th 2013!They could easily charge double for their awesome goods and it would still be a bargain!!!!!!
Kouign-amann and almond croissants were very good. Go there in the morning or all the good stuff runs out.
Wonderful pastries. They know how to use butter here. Shop is small and has 2 tables, and most folks were getting things to go. We got a table and hung around a while.
Excellent. You will not be disappointed.  Ate their recently with family and everyone got something different.  Smiles all around. Even ordered additional items for drive home. Delicious. Requires no more commentary.
The namesake pastry here was, without a doubt, one of the most delicious things I've ever had in my entire life.  When you're in Montréal, run, don't walk here.  You'll need to burn off all that butter with the exercise, too.
It doesn't get an better than this. Best bakery in Montreal. Croissants, and everything else is done to perfections. I never thought such place exist. You will never go to any other bakery again.
Just got back from Paris and was looking for a bakery that sells kouign Amann... We found a very popular place called georges larnicol that had these things called kouignettes.  Anyway... We were very disappointed.  That kouignettes sucked in Paris.  We're now convinced that no other bakery in the world has better kouign Amann than this place.  Not to also mention the croissants are delicious as well.  We love this place so much... Everything is top notch.  Visit 1 bakery in Montreal you must visit this one.... Beware, orgasm in your mouth.   Love your biggest fans, ralph and tommy.
For many years, as a bar patron of Plan B (review pending), me and my friends spent hours speculating how to pronounce this name from across the street, "Queen Ammaan", "Kunye A man" etc etc (proper pronunciation guide highly appreciated!)So if mis-pronunciation is the reason i did not transact with this please, then i was a freakin moron to hold me back.Word of mouth encouraged me to venture out here. On one of those glorious Montreal sunny days, at the cusp of winter leaving and spring arriving, I entered this pâtisserie (pastry shop). The client side is claustrophobic, getting a spot to sit is nice work, if you can get, and you can get it if you try.Ordered a plain croissant to go. First bite and i tasted what the hype was about! Looking back, I should have made a trek here before heading out to Plan B (but that is for a different story)
I liked this place, but it's another victim of inflated expectations. We went in drooling for the legendary kouign amann, and it was good- but not mind blowing.decor/ambiance - 5/5It's an awesome and intimate little bakery with only two tables. Once inside, the fragrant smell of fresh bread tickles your senses. Also it's nice and toasty.Service- 3/5Yes I know we were foreigners and yes I know we asked if we could pay with card. But did they really have address us with barely concealed snobbiness? Food- 3.5/5As I mentioned, the kouign amann was pretty good. However, even when hot, it was difficult in spots to cut with a knife and/or chew. I was under the impression that it would almost melt in my mouth. Oh well- it was still good. Bottom line- The place is nice inside and has good pastries.
Great spot. Chocolatines were ok. Nothing to write home about, which would've been disappointing if they didn't have the best croissants ever. I don't remember any croissant I've had in Paris tasting better than these ones. Cafe au lait was great. Kouign-Amann was good, but not really my thing.
Named after the famous Breton butter pastry, Boulangerie Kouign Amann looks as though it could be as old as many of the pastry stores in Paris and with chipped signage in red and yellow you'd barely notice it unless you were looking - though judging from my ten minute visit the locals certainly know it is there.  Manned by two bakers and a young woman serving as the hostess and cashier it was not long after I entered that I was asking in French, then in fluent English if I knew what I wanted and deferring to allow others to proceed I browsed the options largely to wait for a the last slice of the restaurant's namesake to be packed up so a new, fresh one would be procured from the wire racks; at that point I stepped forward and placed my order for the two items I'd come for plus a third selection at the young woman's suggestion.With each item packed in brown paper and a modest tab of two toonies and a loonie paid I stepped into the street to enjoy my items and beginning first with the item suggested by the server I nearly went back inside to buy more as the Raspberry Custard Danish would prove to be the best Danish I've ever had - a flaky butter pastry stuffed with rich vanilla custard at its center plus a half-dozen ruby colored berries and a dusting of powdered sugar.  Soft and dense but with a light crackle along the edges plus soft hints of butter and cream melding with the slightly tart raspberries - it was remarkable to put it lightly.Moving next to my selections, well, when an outstanding almond croissant isn't the best pastry of the day you know you ordered right.  Beginning first with the croissant, a double-baked beauty loaded with sliced toasted almonds and a light dusting of powdered sugar, it was perhaps the messiest version of the pastry I've ever tasted as it shattered with each bite releasing crumbs, almonds, and sugar in plethora.  With a soft center rife with butter and only a kiss of frangipane it was divine - I almost went back for another.  For the final bite - the signature Kouign Amann, but this time different from those I'd experienced prior as the large butter pastry was actually a cheese-like wheel subsequently cut into slices with a crackling caramelized top and bottom surrounding what essentially tasted like butter and sugar suspended in air.  Light and perfect, texturally complex, and still warm - if you live within a roadtrip of Montreal this is reason enough to go (amongst so many others.)
This place makes by far the best croissant I've ever had. I'm tempted to drive back to montreal (from boston) to get another.
I am always on the lookout for a good croissant and thought the ones at AKA were super delicious! I tried the plain butter, my friend tried the cheese. We went back the next day and ordered more.
This place is small and cozy and yes, it does smell like butter when you go in. It is a nice place to stop in on a cold day especially. The people working here are very nice and buying baked goods is a pleasant experience.I admit that I have not tried anything except their croissant. It was good, but not my favorite. I think it comes down to a matter of personal taste. Their croissant is very buttery, so if you like that, this is the best croissant for you. It was so buttery that the half I heated up in my toaster oven started to ooze butter droplets. After I ate it, I felt as if I had just eaten 1 cup of butter. I will likely not be here if it is out of my way, but I may try some of their other goods someday.
I am a harsh judge of pastries but this place blew me away! I am already planning my next trip back just so I can have these heavenly baked goods again. Cash only!
Perf spot for a coffee and sugar pick-me up. Nice service, cozy wooden storefront felt like entering into the old world.Great cafe au lait, K-A is inhale worthy, and raspberry puff=yum. Almond croissant was dry and a bit burnt. Cheers~
This place is spectacular. Very friendly service and amazing chocolatines! We shared one on Saturday and came back for 2 more on Sunday. Buttery, light, warm, and perfect chocolate. I'm salivating just thinking of it. First stop next time we are in Montreal! (Best chocolatine we had in Montreal.) I'm guessing that everything is good.
Note: when going here make sure to ask for what has just come out of the oven. Those are always your best bet. You can't go wrong here with any of the croissants or baked goods. The staff is friendly and the place is quaint. If in Montreal, this is a must.
Great food. Amazing pasteries. Only problem is there are only two tables for sitting. We had to grab pur food and eat somewhere else. But totalllly worth it!
This is THE bakery never to miss in Montréal. Very good example of importation of cultures, the britton cakes & croissants makes this place a charm.Also, if you actually manage to sit down at a table, you can enjoy your coffee sitting in the warmth of a rainy day, next to a window, and being glad you're inside. Coffee, croissant, quiche, soup, pastry, anything is a delight and very French home-made-like.The service is also amazingly friendly and you can never ever regret having been there.
Simply the best croissants I've ever had. Because the bakery was just a block from where we were staying with our friends in Montreal, we went there two of our three mornings in town. Kept it simple - croissants and café au lait. It's small and simple. Seats for only about six people, nothing fancy. But oh so good. Cash only!
When I took my aunt from France here she kissed me on both cheeks before having even tried anything. She was so happy to discover it! Love the kouign amann, the chocolatines, and the tarte tatin. Arguably some of the best croissants in the city. Just wish there was more seating, especially in the winter.
Kougn Amann has to be one of the best things you can put in your mouth! Run there, don't walk! The croissants and the quiche were pretty good too!
Best croissant in the city. Everything is amazing, except the bagette.
Best place in Mtl to find real croque monsieurs with bechemel like you'd get in France. So good!
If you love yourself you will come here in the morning and have this amazing dessert warm! My favorite dessert of all time! Come here and try it!! One of my top recommended places to eat in the continent!!!!
I have had Kouign Amann many times before but never cut like a slice of pizza.  I was a little skeptical to be honest because all the ones I've had were small, individual pastries.  This little slice proved me wrong!  Slightly sweet and purely delicious!  The simplest things are the easiest to mess up so when I encounter something so simple but utterly delicious, I tend to savor it a bit longer.  The best part for me what the "crust" on the end.  The sugars had caramelized just enough on the edges that it created a caramel-like flavor.  I couldn't stop nodding with satisfaction. Absolutely worth the 20 min walk from the hotel. I'm in Montreal as I'm writing this and there's no doubt I'm going again tomorrow morning.
So my husband and I were in Montreal for a long weekend filled with delicious food and a little romance and he told me that there was a little shop with a wooden storefront that had the best croissants.He has a habit of thinking he knows where something is, which leads to us walking or driving or Bixi-ing around in circles for a while until he admits that he may not know where it is.   Well, that happened with this Boulangerie and luckily for both of us - we found it!The staff is very welcoming and did not mind our Frenglish requests for chocolate croissants (fantastic!), chocolat chaud (rich!), as well as quiche, kouign-amann, and almond croissants during our two visits.   My favorites were the croissants, especially the chocolate, cause I'm a chocolate kind of girl.   Now that I checked in and reviewed it, may we never forget where it is again.
I almost don't want to tell about this place and keep it a secret, all to myself. I love croissants - in my opinion, it's the perfect thing you can have with your morning coffee. These guys make the most delicious croissants, no wonder this was my 1 st stop in Montreal at 6:30 am. It's a tiny bakery with just 2 tables inside, cozy and neat looking. Croissants come in any variety: chocolate, almond, jamon and gruyere -- you name it... And then there is kouign amman - a thing I've never even heard of before. You must try it, it's something out of this world. If I was living in this city, I would be visiting them daily no doubt. Their coffee is pretty great as well to compliment whatever it is you'll be munching on.
Best pastries in Montreal, their almond croissants are to die for as well as their kouign aman. Always fresh and warm the prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly. A must go in montreal.
Wonderful food, really enjoyed their specials.
Best croissants I have ever had in my life!!!! The kouign-Amman was also delicious....it was the first time I had tried it. The prices were reasonable and, if I had enough room/hands, I would have bought out the whole bakery to bring home to my friends. This is definitely a place that is worth going when in Montreal.
A must-visit in Montreal. World-class baked goods fresh from the oven. You can watch them baking everything as you stand there waiting to order - it's a special experience. Try the soups as well. The quiche also was incredible - maybe the best I've ever had. I wish they would open one of these in San Francisco!
Amazing pastries! The best croissant I've ever had, no doubt about it. Their coffee and tea is also really good, and their raspberry juice is so refreshing.
In my opinion, this is the best bakery in Montreal.  Every time I visit, I take the Metro up to Mont Royal and lineup for the croissants and Kouign Amann signature dessert.  It's so nice to see the ladies cutting up real butter and baking throughout the day.  Nothing beats a warm croissant.  It's cash only, so best hit up the ATM beforehand!
Their croissants are delightful and they are the best croissants I've ever had. I hate myself for living in Texas because we don't have stuff like that here. The croissants are so flakey and butteryyyy and they had squash soup when I visited. I'm sure they have different soups available. Just get some croissants and dip it in the soup...OMG delightful!!! The staff are really friendly, too :) The guy with the dread locks name is Keith. He saw my face everyday when I was visiting lol. I wanted to eat it as much as I could before I leave to go back to stupid America.
Their croissant is the kingpin of Montreal's pastries. I have tried so many great bakeries in town, but I keep coming back to this one. People prefer their croissants for various reasons though, but here's why I love theirs: moist, silky soft and unrestrainedly buttery inside, always served warm and humbly crunchy outside. It's NOT one of those croissants that will leave a flaky mess on your skirt (or pants), which are just as delicious and probably the preference of some people. If that's your kind of croissant, go to Fous Desserts.
This is my second time visiting this bakery and I literally drove 5 hours from Dover, NH USA to Montreal Quebec to pick up two of these amazing Kouign Amann's! LOL ok, so I did have a few other things to do for fun in town, but this was a top priority.This pastry is amazing! A buttery piece of heaven on earth!! If you haven't had one, and are in the area, GO! I actually introduced a Montreal local to this place and they were blown away!
Oh yeah!While the croissants were very good (nice crunch, very buttery, great texture), the real highlight for me was the Kouign-Amann. Apparently a specialty of Brittany, this is a magical and somewhat simple pastry that consists of layered dough and sugar.  I'm no expert, never had it before today, but OMG it was awesome! The layers gave it a great texture, and the outer layers were slightly caramelized.  Can't wait to have more!
My vote for the best butter croissants in the city. The almond croissants are sublime and the kouign-amann is a must try. The staff are always friendly... a true gem of place.
You can't go wrong with this place. Anything you order will melt your heart and have you wishing you lived near this bakery. Sometimes there is a line and nowhere to sit but who cares. Learn to be patient , walk to the nearest park and enjoy bliss.
Small place with a lot of character. It sort of feels like a lower easy side/easy village kind if place. Good but small selection of pastries. Only a few tables there for those of you who want to sit and stay. Grabbed a good cross section of their baked goods and headed back to the hotel. Great tasting and presentable stuff. Give them a shot! An added plus was the nice guy who helped us and rang us out. Shared some laughs. Good vibe off of this place!
Adorable patisserie with a couple little tables in the window front. Best almond croissant ever, though the apple turnover wasn't too shabby either.
What is there to not love about hot, fresh pastries in a cute little bakery?! This place is the bomb!I recommend:-Ham and cheese croissant - this is a croissant with a thick slab of ham (not the cheap deli ham), cheese, and then more cheese sprinkled on top for $3.50-Quiche - any kind. They are all very goodYou can easily get a hearty breakfast here for 2 people for $10. It's lovely to come here on a sunny day and people watch.
I wish I could give a place MORE stars. Every time I think about this place, I salivate. Their croissants are to die for, their coffee is the best I've ever had, their quiche is always so moist and delicious... Just thinking about their food I want to go!!
23$ for a Whole Kouign Amann and 21$ if you order it in advance! So i ordered one friday to start my week on the right track - speaking of desert of course - and Kouign Amann is crack cocain: IT'S ADDICTIVE!It's so good, I Wish I could plug it directly to my vein! ;)You need to try that, It's awesome on a terrasse (patio) to have a piece while drinking a good beer.
This is by far the best bakery in the Plateau! I discovered this magnificent little gem on my way to a weekly commitment I had just two blocks from here. It is so charming and old world, just passing through the threshold will transport you back 100 years. I highly recommend the spinach quiche! But decide for yourself which one is best, try them all! The seasonal tarts are to die for. My husband and I believe that the croissant are perhaps the best in all of Montreal. Unfortunately, there is no outdoor seating and there are very few tables and chairs available inside. But what Boulangerie Kouing Amman lacks in space it certainly makes up for in bake goods!
You feel the sun on your face when you enter. Best hot croissant on the Plateau! Good. Good. Good.
After somehow agreeing to trek halfway across Montreal to eat lunch at a Vegan restaurant (still in food coma from Liverpool House the night before, see review)  I came to my senses and realized I needed real coffee and dessert made with things like cream or butter.  Found this spot thanks to a large number of positive Yelp Reviews.  Turns out they don't take CC but were happy to take our American Dollars.We ordered three completely different items an all were still warm (it was about 2:30 pm) and delicious - not even a crumb made it out of this boulangerie unless it was in our stomachs.   Coffee also excellent.Only a short stroll  (couple of blocks0 from a metro stop.  If in the area, I highly recommend it!
A little secret of a bakery and somewhat off the beaten path for tourists but worth the detour; this little shop has a selection of croissants, quiche and the star namesake, Kouign Amann.  This terrific pastry, native to Brittany, is pretty special with its caramelized crispy sugar and buttery dough.  A must!  Good coffee available but be forewarned there are only 3 small tables with tight seating for 8-10.  A standout by any measure!
the. best. ever. Kouign Aman. Eat it.
The croissants were sooo delicious, but the real gem is the Kouin-Amann (which I still can't pronounce).  Grabbed some croissants and the aforementioned bakery item, along with a cup of coffee, and headed to Parc LaFontaine.  Aboslutely delicious breakfast.  My only regret is that I didn't buy more croissants for the road.
Absolutely the BEST croissants ever!  It is a really small place but they are baking bread all day long and serving it right away. I have not tried the sandwiches and the french baguettes are baked too early in the morning so they were cold when I got there. The chocolate croissants are incredible too!
As good as it gets, the closest to a Croissant from France.  Hands down the best in the city.
Ridiculously good. The only other kouign amann ive had is by dominique ansel in Soho in NYC. And I actually this place better. Flaky, sweet, butter, crisp. We also ordered some of their croissants. All were good.  So im by no means an expert of what the kouign amann is supposed to be.  This has an open bakery in the background where u can see their bakers hard at work
Just loved their croissants. I would go back just for that! Incredibly crispy on the outer shell with really nice buttery flaky layers in the inside. Every other croissant since then seemed dull and grey. I stopped eating them out of fear I might get depressed if I continued. Perhaps I'm being a bit melodramatic but it really was that good. Oh how I miss it so!
Those two tiny tables in the front in the windows just raised a bit off the street on Mount Royal in the tiny yellow building that's wafting smells like French bread heaven? Yeah. That's where you want to be. Everything is tasty, but the brownie is worth calling your mom about, worth writing a hit pop song about, worth picking up some to take home for a weekend of bliss with a loved one or, you know, alone. Delicious lattes to be had here too, and always charming service.
I recently discovered this bakery thanks to my better half. The baked good are delicious and you hardly taste the butter which i love. Enjoy :D
Hands down our favourite place for "croissants et chocolatines". When I lived in Montreal, I made it a personal mission to try laminated pastries all over the city, and Kouign-Amann is my top choice. You can never have too much butter, and these pastries are the perfect butter delivery system.Soon after Kouign-Amann opened its adorable little door, I became a regular, sometimes gobbling up 2 pastries per visit. It simply could not be helped, and I have no regrets. Over the years, the pastries have gotten a bit smaller than at first, but the prices for pastries and coffee/tea are quite reasonable, and the taste and texture are superior. Soon, the place was so renowned that I often met travelers from abroad who had made Kouign-Amann part of their food missions. Indeed, Kouign-Amann was one of a dozen places listed on our wedding website.It`s always a good sign when there`s not much staff turnover. Keith has been working the counter for years, and he's an absolute sweetheart, always smiling and with a kind word -- in French or English. You can't always count on your favourite pastry being available at all times, but what better reason to visit on several days in succession? Go early in the day to improve your chances. The Kouign-Amann pastry is delicious, and even if it's not your thing, it's worth a try at least once. The Jus Sante is also great - not too sweet, not too tart. There are yummy savoury options, too.If you want to sit down, it does get crowded at peak times and you might not find a seat. On cold days, I'd just stand around till I finished my pastry, and no one ever seemed to mind. There are a few good options in TO (Thobours is probably the closest), but I miss Kouign-Amann and visiting the folks who work there! I hope they do the Poire-Chocolat when I'm visiting next...
Best croissant in the world.  The almond croissant and kouign amann are delicious.
Unbelievably good croissants and espresso. Wonderful people working their. Great vibes! I visited Montreal recently and went their at least 8 times in 4 days.
This place makes the best croissants in the city for sure (may be one of the best I've had!) not a lot of seating, but try and get them when they're fresh and hot - well worth it!!
Best croissance that's all u gotta say.....
Awesome! I live nearby and go often. It's a magical little place.
This is by far the best place for croissants and chocolatines in town, I've been going to premiere moisson for years but this is the real deal !!! And one quite an amazing thing about this place is that they somehow only serve hot croissants fresh out of the oven !!!  And please .. Don't forget to try the great house specialty the Kouign-Amann;     Hope u enjoy as much as I did
Probably the nicest fluffy/ crunchy mix for croissants in montreal. Very fresh and wonderful buttery aroma
This little quaint bakery is a hidden gem in Montréal. It is not at all anywhere near a tourist destination. I am surprise there is no line out of the door. The service was great even though I do not speak French. they do cater to English speaker by the by.I got a chocolate croissant (I saw it come out of the oven) and my girlfriend got a plain one. It was sofa king good, we decide to get another one.The joint is a bit small. There are only six chairs and 3 small tables in the bakery. It's either take it to go or a long wait for someone to finish.TASTY pastries overall.
I loved the look of this bakery - cozy and homey and quite distinctive. We went in the afternoon and I only saw a fraction of the items mentioned in others' reviews, so I don't know if they sell out early or what. We tried the namesake pastry and the tarte tatin. I'm sure both were good, but I have to say, I'm just not sure if I'm so crazy about kouign-amann. It still seems rare on this continent, but so far I've found it consistently too salty. I'd be interested to try their croissants. The employees I interacted with spoke English fine.
Crossiants. fuck yea.
Went here on a short weekend trip with the boyfriend for a quick and tasty breakfast - we were not let down.  I found this bakery through yelp and thought "this sounds perfect" so off we went.  The croissants and quiche were perfect in every way and I will gladly return! Pointer: the guy that was at the counter didn't speak any english but he's really sweet so be kind and patient and I'm sure you'll enjoy your experience.
We were lured to the Patisserie when we noticed croissants in the window. The smell of butter-baked goodness was incredible. I gained 5 lbs just breathing in there. We ordered the Kouing-Amann and a chocolate tart. The Kouing-Amann changed my life. It was the most delectable dessert I have ever eaten. Sweet, but not too sweet, buttery, soft, but with a hard sugar glaze. I will chase this dessert to the ends of the earth.The chocolate tart was moist and flavorful. It was perhaps the best chocolate tart I have ever had. However compared to the Kouing-Amann it was "mehh". Which is saying a ton.The shop was small..I think 5-6 tables. It was crowded (understandably). The employees seemed nice enough, but it was clear that no one spoke English. This wasn't a problem as pointing worked wonders. The decor was simple and cute and I was super charmed to see the bakers in the back shaping the most perfect croissants. Diet be damned...I will return for more.Bottom line: A hidden gem and a destination. Try the Kouing-Amann!
Love this place for their Kouign-Amann, a specialty of Brittany. Be aware that if you want to buy a full one to bring to friends, you need to order ahead of time or have a long discussion with the employees and get chastised because they can't manage to properly plan ahead and have enough on hand, because of course capitalism seems to work best when you actually have product left on the shelf to sell. Best when warm.
Very disappointing!!  Cozy atmosphere and friendly service...but that's where the positives end. I visited Brittany, France (La Bretagne) last year where I tasted a REAL kouign-amann. It's a heavy, dense and oooh so sinfully delicious cake loaded with tons of butter and crackly, caramelized sugar. One little slice is all you need to pack in a day's worth of calories!  So I decided to check out this place in Montreal. A red flag went up as soon as I saw the "far breton"  in the display case. It looked NOTHING at all like what I had seen in Brittany. It's supposed to be weird custardy-spongey "cake" with prunes - almost like a dense and hard flan. I then looked at their kouign-amann which kind of resembled the real thing.  Since I was desperate for a sweet fix, I decided to keep an open mind and ordered 2 slices to go. Brought it home to my French b/f who immediately wrinkled his nose when he saw it. "THIS isn't kouign-amman!" We tasted it and both agreed it was a bastardized version. Sure, the outside had that nice, buttery/sugary caramelized coating...but that was it. The inside was plain and bland. (It had the consistency of a cinnamon bun, which I hate.)  Anyway, this is NOT the real kouign-aman I had in France. The real deal is a lot heavier with buttery, caramelized sugar outside AND inside. I wonder if they made their version lighter to cater to the North American market. Bummer.
The pastries here are a delight, and the croissants can hardly be beat - especially for the low price of about $1.25/each. The front of the shop is very tiny with only two tables, so it is hard to stop in for a snack, but it is great to get croissants to go. The back of the shop is fairly open and it is nice to watch the bakeries hand rolling all of the croissants one by one. If this place had better coffee and a few more places to perch while you enjoy your snacks, I would give it five stars. But again, you're likely not going to find better croissants in the city.
Their squash soup warms the heart!
The BEST croissants in town- for sure, bar none. I have been in love with this little gem since I first walked into the tiny charming shop decades ago- the quality, the butter, the flakiness, the smells!! Such a treat, each and every time!
Awesome place! While I didn't try the Breton cake (this place's name) I did try to the almond croissant, the spinach and onion quiche.The croissant was perfect - light and airy inside with an definite crust on the outside. The filling was sweet, rich almond flavor without being overdone.The quiche was wonderful! Tasty, light, not dense.I noticed the other customers ordering everything from sandwiches, soup, other pastries and all rated their quality highly. Definitely worth a visit!
Cute place with beautiful looking croissants, I wanted a chocolate one, but they gave me an almond one, it was good anyway.
my wife and I visited Montreal end of march, 2014, and had the good fortune to visit this charming bakery. immediately upon entering, you know you are in someplace special. the air is warm and moist from all the freshly baked pastries. visually the place looks ancient like something out of Charles Dickens. the people who work there are friendly and expert at delivering the goods. the ambience is incredibly intimate without any hint of pretense. it was one of the highlights of our stay in Montreal - perhaps THE highlight. as another reviewer put it, this place is an absolute jewel. I especially loved the almond croissant -  the maple walnut tart and brownie muffin were also wonderful.
Maybe one of the best places I have ever dined.  Everything is perfect.  Quiche, Croissants, Coffee!  I will go to Montreal just to eat here!
Fantastic. Small, simple place that does everything right. The quiche is light and flavorful, the kouign amann is delicious, the criossants are buttery and soft..... even the coffee is great. Everything you'd want in a little bakery for your morning coffee and pastry.
Absolutely outstanding sushi, made fresh in front of you. We took the chef's suggestion for two for takeout and were very pleased with the quality and quantity of food. They gave us a mix of sushi and sashimi, some simple avocado rolls and some exciting deep-fried salmon rolls. The flavours varied widely, which is exactly what we like. Totally worth the money, and the staff are super pleasant to boot!The decor is fairly simple, but highlights the fact that this place is super clean and organized.
The sushi here was reeeealllly good! Vast menu makes decision-making difficult. I ordered miso soup for my bf and won ton soup for me. They were really delicious and made to order! We could hear the man in the back chopping up vegetables and making the soups which was nice, and the soups were delicious.At this point I don't remember what rolls we got, but one I think was the vegetarian roll which was delicious. And the people who work here were so nice. Not much by way of ambience but the food delivers!
I used to live right beside that place and would go there really often. This is my favorite place for sushis. Plus, the owners are so sweet and the sushis are delicious. What more do you want? I now live a bit far, but I'll make sure to go there once in a while for my sushis cravings!
A small sushi bar / take out tucked in a small store on Duluth between St. Dominique and Coloniale  makes some of the best sushi in the area. The rice is as it should be: tender but slightly al dente, sticks together but not sticky, the right balance of vinegar and sugar. This is the base for the best sushi ! Fresh ingredients and imagination do the rest: a delightful sushi the way you want to have them.
I went to this place with a friend because the reviews were excellent on here and it was a block away from my place. Despite being so close to my place, I wont go back. The miso soup tasted sour...like rotten sour. The sushi wasnt bad but it was pretty small. Thats about it.  I really hoped this could have been a regular spot for me get take-out sushi, but I wont go back :(
This has long been one of my favorite little places to go to.  There is a lot of sushi competition in the area but really nothing is as good as Tataki.  All the rolls are made by the owners, so quality control is excellent.I love the "spring" rolls, they are delicious and the special tataki sauce is phenomenal.  Not the nicest dining room experience, very simple decor as the prices are low for the quality.  My favorite little touch they do is the mint in with the tuna maki roll, really distinguishes this place from the others.  Always generous with the fish too which is nice.Highly recommend, will not disappoint!
My wife and I visited here three times during our week stay in Montreal. Each time it was nearly empty with no more than three tables. Perfect for our honeymoon! Were a little apprehensive with the lack of people but decided to look past it as we were visiting in off-peak hours. Our first visit we had two iced coffees and lemon cheesecake. Now this was not your standard iced coffee. It is a thick creamy coffee concoction,ice. It hit the spot better than a standard iced coffee could have on a hot afternoon. Just about anything you try will be delicious for the area! We would stop by again if we are ever in the area.
By far the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant in Montreal! You are better off spending your money elsewhere. After walking around Old Montreal on a Saturday night we stumbled upon this corner restaurant. It didn't seem that busy as the other restaurants, so we decided to give it a try. It didn't take long for us to get seated inside the restaurant, about 10 minutes. The decors looked a bit indecisive and they couldn't decide between a seafood shack or a rustic library with bookshelves which separated the kitchen from the dining tables. Also there was a random fish tank full of lobsters, but yet they never came out to grab em for cooking.... Odd much? Guess they are keeping them as pets. So it took us, a party of 7 about 15 minutes to look over the menu and order our food. Our waiter was very nice and patient with us explained what's what, they even had a $39 prefixed 4 course dinner but the regular dishes seemed tastier. After placing our order, that's when everything started to go downhill. Water was served promptly, but apparently we had to wait 40 mins just for bread... seriously? Even better the appetizers followed 30 minutes later.  We've ordered a Crevettes, Pétoncles, Pieuvre grillée $24 (Grilled Shrimps, Scallops and Octopus), Pikilia $36 (Combination of Appetizers) and a Pizza Cinq Fromages $12 (Pizza Five Cheeses). While waiting for our appetizers to come out, we've noticed that once in a while the lights would sort of dim and flicker then return to normal. Turns out this would happen because they were using a freaked microwave to nuke our food instead of cooking it!After over an hour and a half, our meals finally came out but everything seems to have a curry theme to it. When we complained the chef decided to come out and that's when all hell broke loose! He accused us of starting trouble and being Americans. He even called my friend psychotic and that's when we all got up and left! Funny thing is we weren't the only table that left, as three other patrons followed our footstep. I guess they were American too!
It was quiet and empty but we had to wait a long time before being served. I appreciate the owner who stepped in and served usThere were flies on the food. The dishes were OK, good quality but nothing memorable.Its certainly overpriced for what you get.
The food was forgettable. The service, especially, needs a LOT of work. The wait staff were perfectly pleasant, but totally disorganized. There wasn't a manager around to really lead the team, so it felt a lot like a headless chicken. Our drink orders weren't taken until 40 minutes in, and then we learned that the bartender wasn't even in that day. Given the location, a restaurant like this has a lot of potential. Switch up management and then we'll talk.
TOURIST TRAP! Slow and poor service, and iced coffee that was disgusting and an iced tea from a bottle (mango flavoured?! Which isn't what I ordered.  Over priced.
Good people, great food.Best sandwich I've ever had.Order smoked turkey.
This has to be the hidden gem of all gems in Montreal! Don't be thrown off by the sometimes intense host, this is a family owned, authentic greek place so the people working are very passionate about the food.Overall, they serve up amazingly fresh, authentic, and organic greek food for an amazing price! As if this weren't good enough, they also have an amazing selection of ready-to-go foods and desserts and a little mini specialty market in the corner of the cafe! Also have great outdoor seating. LOCATION/NEIGHBORHOOD: Located in the heart of Old Montreal, on a picturesque, cobblestone street the location is prime. It is not on the main, super-touristy square, but it is still on one of the fun streets in old montreal. It is a great neighborhood to go for a walk in before or after your meal (or both).AMBIANCE/DECOR: So this may not be the most modern, or chic of places, but the decor and ambiance are authentic and welcoming. It has a comfortable, homey feeling, and is cute in a casual and comforting way. The decor is very much that of an authentic greek/Mediterranean cottage or restaurant. The ambiance ranges from buzzing and full of life (during peak hours) to quiet and almost romantic during the later hours of the night, or off hours during the afternoon. They have adorable outdoor seating, which I encourage you to take advantage of; the outdoor seating is like sidewalk cafe dining in europe, and is very enjoyable if the weather is being cooperative. SERVICE: The service is usually prompt and attentive. Both times I have eaten here the server has been very knowledgeable and passionate about their food and about making sure that we are enjoying what we are eating. The first time I ate here I believe we were being served by the owner (he works here all day, every day) and he made us personalized salads that weren't even on the menu according to our tastes (at no extra charge). Both times I ate here they were very accommodating and understanding with my picky eater/vegan requests and made sure that we were having a good experience. FOOD: Alas, the things that makes Serafim the true gem that it is......the food! Almost everything on the menu is organic and seasonal, but that is just the beginning. The menu is extensive, but you can't go wrong with anything! The options range from such creative mediterranean fair as savory zucchini tarts and bison with wild mushrooms, to traditional kebab plates moussaka, and vegetable tagines. They also have excellent salads and fresh seafood. I am vegan and am obsessed with their vegetable tagine; my mom (who is in no way, shape, or form vegan) tried it the first time I got it and was obsessed. The flavors were so perfectly balance, and the mixture of vegetables, sauce, and chickpeas with rice was perfect; I am salivating just thinking about it! My mom got the vegetarian moussaka and fell in love, she couldn't stop raving about it. We both loved the salads we got as well. The next time I went I got the chickpea salad to go from the deli case and it was delicious! Also go some greek coffee and another order of the vegetable tagine........it is to die for! Honestly though, you can't go wrong with anything you order. The food is authentic, made fresh, and made with love in every bite....sounds cheesy but it's the truth. Special notes: On sundays they have an AMAZING buffet that goes until 8 pm.....if you can make it to this, you will be the happiest person on the planet!
I stumbled upon this restaurant while walking around Old Montreal and fell in love.  Sat outside and the ambiance was perfect.  Ordered a white sangria, and it was the best one I've ever had, with fresh blueberries!  Staff was attentive and felt very local. Absolute must!
Visited for the second time for breakfast, it was still just as good as the first. I loved the raw feel that was reminiscent of bistros I visited in Europe.Yes, the service is slow...but well worth the wait if you enjoy a well orchestrated breakfast.
We are so stupid: in the face of dozens of reviews saying this place was mediocre at best, we still went. And we're locals! WHO KNOW BETTER! Their claim of gluten-free breads turned out to be completely untrue. We ordered two sandwiches (smoked salmon and duck, which both tasted exactly the same) and a main of overcooked and under-seasoned red snapper with mushy, brown vegetables. The place was empty but it took us an hour to be served. When we walked in, we knew better: fluorescent lights overhead (and not in a kitschy way), an open fridge with fish just sitting there, some tables with white tablecloths (hinting at fine dining?) and others without... a random collection (ie, 10) books, ranging from a hardcover about business strategy and a couple trash novels and lonely planets... the plastic-and-pleather menu.... there were clues everywhere.All this for a whopping $75! But, it's our own fault. We knew better.
It's a very simple, casual bistro in Old Montreal, with great food and service above average (for Montreal standards). It's true they charge 5 CAD for non customers to use the restrooms, but the place is very clean. The main dishes are, actually, a 3-course meal consisting on soup, greek salad, and what you asked with a side order of vegetables. Serves two normal or one hungry person. I asked the shrimps, and they were JUMBO shrimps, lots of shrimps. Waitress was very friendly, even with my crappy French. They have an outdoor patio, but it's impossible to seat there, it's full of bees. They probably cover the tables with honey. They would benefit of AC inside.
I am a native Montrealer spending some time back home, so I have been in lots of cafés, and this is definitely NOT one that I would recommend. I have to say that the two waitresses were very nice, but that's the only good point about this place. My husband and I went there around 2:30pm (so it was pretty quiet), and we waited at least 30 minutes before my husband got his panini, and I was told that there was an error with my order (a crêpe), which would take five minutes to fix. About 25 minutes later, they finally get my crêpe to me. The food in general was OK, but I was disappointed with the crêpe which was burnt at the bottom. For a panini (without any kind of side), a small crêpe, a coffee, a fruit salad, and a juice, they charged us over $40 CAN (i.e. $37 US). They did NOT offer us any discount for the extended delay to get the food. And finally, when I asked them to add 15% for tips to my debit transaction, they counted it OVER the total including taxes (and in Quebec, tips should normally be added to the total BEFORE taxes). Perhaps we were just not lucky, but I would never go back there, and I believe this place is still in business just because they serve mostly tourists who don't hear from other people about their poor experience there.
The Cafe Bistro Serafim was a great find in Old Montreal. They serve wonderfully prepared food, most of it organic.  You can't miss with the any of the breakfast omelets or crepes.
We walked in when the chef was having dinner with his family.  His son cooks with his dad and his wife works the front of the house.  The menu is heavily influenced with Greek dishes, which is representative of the chef's native Crete.  The lamb shank was melting off the bone and had an incredible flavor. The grilled vegetables were fantastic, and the entrees were served with a complimentary salad and roasted red pepper soup.   They went out of their way to make sure we were happy and enjoyed our time there.  It felt as of we were having dinner with old friends.  The experience was so enjoyable, I know I will return again and again.
Fun little organic greek place in touristy old Montreal, we sat on the patio and were fairly undisturbed in moderately cold weather. Fun people watching(I saw a drive-by photoshoot that had me laughing for the rest of the day) and a great bistro atmosphere for drinks. I wasn't inside much but the bathroom was nice, and I don't see a problem in the $5 charge of the restroom -- It's a nice way of saying that the restroom is for customers only. The food was decent greek fare. The grilled cheese was nothing special but the veggie burger with tzatziki was good, if not a little expensive for having no sides.
Wow, just wow. This place went from comical to scary in the 40 minutes it took for my "sandwich" to even start being prepared. The idea is fine - organic, local fresh foods in a bistro-like environment. The execution is a travesty - a micromanaging, out-of-control chef and no less than 5 people on the waitstaff wandering aimlessly as the chef takes one hour PER DISH to assemble. The prices were outrageous; the disgusting sandwich I received consisted of rotten-looking slices of lamb salami on stale bread with slimy peppers. Total price: $16. The cheese pizza we ordered tasted equivalent to a Totino's frozen pizza. Since I had an hour to wait before receiving the 5" pizza and crapwich, I had plenty of time to watch the chef assemble the other dishes. There were several trays with the basic components of the menu sitting in a refrigerator unit. He would essentially scoop a few spoonfuls out of a few of these containers, throw it in a non-stick skillet, and dump it on a plate. $20+ for reheated food where somehow the chef was the only person capable of cooking. Please, for the sake of humanity, never visit this place.
Is there a "no star" option? This place is a ridiculous joke. Dirty tables, dirty floors, rude service, and a $5 charge to use the bathroom for non clients? haha what? We wanted a quick cold drink and did not want a menu but it was forced upon us. There was nothing that appealed to me so I had some apple juice which cost $6 (it was a tiny dirty glass by the way) and my partner had iced coffee (which was crushed ice and ground beans poured into a small glass). It cost $14 for one glass of apple juice and an iced coffee. STAY AWAY FROM THIS TOURIST TRAP!
Been to this place a lot of time to eat a snack in Chinatown and always loved it. I recommend the Vanilla Sponge Cake and the Chocolate Torsade. Also the best pastry shop in the Chinatown. They have bubble tea.Beware of something. I paid my pastries and the cashier was going to give me te receipt, but a homeless women (I think she's homeless) tried to steal our bag. When the cashier and I saw this, we stealed the bag off the hand of the woman and the cashier gave me the bag. This is why i give 4 stars instead of 5. Otherwise, the food is good.
We were super hungry after a session of badminton and happened to walk by Chinatown. We went for La Legende because I remembered they offer large portion for good price. I went for some satay chicken and rice. My friend took noodles and pork meat. It came with TEA :D (thumbs up)I was so hungry. The food tasted good and filled me up. BIG PORTION omg. Nice plates.The couches are nice and comfy. Nice atmosphere. I didn't feel rush.You can also buy pastry if you're hungry or take it to go.Definitely coming back if I feel hungry for quality/price food.
Nice variety of pastries and the coffee is served hot in a nice mug. The dining area is beautiful and very clean. They also serve bubble tea and some rice and noodle dishes. So if you are with friends that are split between having a bite or a dessert, that's the place.This can be an extra for some: They have a TV on asian channel. I kind of like to see the news from elsewhere in a different dialect and try to figure out what is happening. :3
Not the best, not the worst of its kind. La Legende hosts a variety of buns, bubble tea, and pastries. Middle of the road: I tried the chicken bun (the fact that they had a chicken bun was actually  a huge bonus in my book). It was ok, it was fried and obviously so- it was too greasy for my taste and could've used more chicken. It was a Sunday AM and they were running out of quite a few items, some which I wanted to try. We also tried the bubble tea- my friends had the almond and the milk tea, which were pretty run of the mill. Overall, not bad to stop by if you're in a pinch (like we were as many other spots were closed before 11 AM!). The pluses: they were open early and they accepted credit cards (huge if you're pretending to conduct business in the 21st century).
I went in with low expectations and I must say, it was not bad! We had items from their breakfast menu: - 2 fried eggs, sausage and buttered toast - comes with milk tea (or coffee) - the eggs were not as runny as I'd like, even though they were "sunny side" - congee with fried dough - doesn't come with tea/coffeeIt was cheap and plenty of seats, OK bathrooms! We got egg tarts to go from the bakery across the street (Patisserie Harmonie) just to try things out.
I have enjoyed numerous Chinese cafes in Hong Kong and Toronto.  I was skeptical about this one at first as Montreal is not known for their Chinese food.  This place pleasantly surprised me.I have ordered the crispy pork chop with rice here, as well as black pepper beef with fried spaghetti.  Both are dericious!Lots of foot traffic comes in to buy the bakery, even at 9-10pm on weeknights.Cannot beat the cafes in Hong Kong or Toronto, but very acceptable if you are looking for Chinese food in Montreal. Likely the best in Montreal!
Strolling along with some of my female friends of mine in Montreal's unique flavor Chinatown came across this Asian bakery, thought we would go ahead and try a light snack before we head out to the poutinefest; lol i know we are like piggies. Anyhow i bought this custard bun with a dry flakey surgary top on the bun, it was just terrible, old and dry tasting with maybe a teasespoon worth of custard inside the bun, i had buns before from across the street by the buffet they were much better. I guess we'll continue to walk pass this joint in the future.
This bakery is located in Montreal's little Chinatown.  Arrived here late at night, and it was not our first choice.  The other bakery we went to was sold out of just about everything.  Patisserie La Legende still had plenty of good looking choices.This is what we bought:2/$1 mini egg tarts.  Great value and tasted pretty good.  (3 stars)$1 regular size egg tarts.  Good value and tasted okay also.  (3 stars)$1.30 Brioche custard filled buns.  Fair price for a decent bun.  (3 stars)$1.30 Chinese beignets (donuts) on a skewer.  Not too bad.  ( 3 stars)Taro drink is used with powder.  Boba did not taste fresh.  (2 stars)The girl put our purchases in an oily stained box even after I told her not to the first time.  Well, at least it was the least stained box after looking at all the other plain white boxes they had.I probably would not return here again in the future.  Although, they are cheaper than our favorite Chinese bakery in Montreal.....the quality and taste of their baked goods are just not as good.  Maybe their restaurant located in the back is better, though.
The little egg cakes were super powdery even though they looked so cute wrapped up! The pineapple bun was ok...cha siew bun was hot but it wasn't spread out inside so just a huge clump in the middle. Coffee was good though (from a NY perspective).
First time went on a lunch date there and it was busy but still very good defs try it out
Found this place while walking around Chinatown there was a lot people at the business so I thought this had to be place. The pastries were good also the sausage in a roll. The food was very fresh but please stick to the pastries. I ordered some food from the restaurant part. I ordered General Tso chicken, spicy chicken fried rice. O.k. here we go the food was bad in so many ways. The rice was overcooked and under seasoned way under seasoned.  Our idea of spicy is definitely different. The General Tso chicken was soggy the veggies were boiled so long until it was mush would I go back Oh No!!!!!!! They received  1 star only because I had to do this review will post.
This place has a French name, but a Csoul. It has a good selection of Chinese buns and pastries. For 1$, the chicken bun I had was warm and tasted as well as I expected.They offer a large selection of teas and bubble teas that are as good as most places around.The service is a bit below average and sometimes the place does not seem as clean as it could be.
Great selection of pastries, I tried the sesame ball, the cream bun, and the three type bun (red bean, green bean, and coconut). The servings are very generous for the price, I've been to several Chinatowns on the East Coast and this one seems to have the cheapest bakeries so far. I also had an almond bubble tea, the tapioca was a little hard and the tea wasn't the greatest, so I recommend going elsewhere if you need a beverage.
The ladies here don't have any time for your lip!  However, they do make a bangin' bubble tea here for a decent price.  My favorite is the Lemon Green Tea, and I ask for less sugar.  I recommend asking for less sugar and you will find that you cab taste the beverage flavor.Once they had cookies that were made with XO sauce, so I just had to buy them.  They tasted exactly like super sweet XO sauce.  In case you don't know what that would taste like,  it is sweet dried seafood with a strong dark soy taste.  It was pretty bad, but I just had to give it a whirl. They also have full entrees of Hong Kong style diner foods here, like stew on rice and curry chicken on rice.  I will definitely hit up the HK diner menu next time we are in town.
Great pastries at reasonable prices. The interior is very lovely, a nicer bakery. I love their vanilla sponge cakes, so huge and very cheap. Great noodle dishes as well. Reminds me of the bakeries in Flushing and Chinaown, NY. Really great bakery, extremely cheap.
Although I have never tried their food and many poor reviews thx to their food. I am only rating the sweets and Bubble tea. My kids love this place for the bubble tea and my wife for the desserts.
Excellent variety of delicious pastries at very good prices. In NYC the items we purchased would have been at least 4 times as expensive and half as good. Everything we got was tasty and I was amazed by the prices as well. We will definitely go back here earlier in the day next time as they were out of some things we wanted to try by the end of the evening.
I've been here at least twice, and both times consistently 'meh'. The buns were fine, but the bubble tea was way too sweet. I asked if it was possible to get black tea in my mango flavored bubble tea (which, as one would expect, often contains actual TEA), and the person working there snidely replied "Umm no, we don't put tea in juice" as if I was making an unreasonable request. So basically they don't serve bubble tea, they serve juice, according to their staff.Also, questions regarding sanitation. I asked someone working there where I could find some tongs, and she pointed to a pile of dirty one grouped together on a counter. Those were the only tongs available.My suggestion: go to Harmonie or L2 for real (and good) bubble tea, and Harmonie has great pastries without the attitude. Not sure what the point of being rude is when you have so much competition 2 doorstops away! It just pisses people off and makes their dining experience unpleasant. Why would you want your restaurant to be associated with that? Won't be going back.
Their buns and pastries are good, but the food in their restaurant section is below average and the employees are extremely rude! When we ate dinner there the service was terrible so we decided to tip them below the expected 15% and the employees yelled at us that tip wasn't included in the price. We reluctantly gave them more but we've never been back. Since then we just get buns from Harmonie or Callia which are on the same street.
We went here for a quick bubble tea before setting out for a stroll around Montreal.  Good selection of tea and an even better selection of baked goods.  We didn't get to try any sweets, unfortunately, but they all looked delicious.  There was a steady stream of people coming in and buying them - perhaps this is an indicator of good quality but I'm not sure.  Montreal's Chinatown is small and this looked like the only bakery on the block, so maybe people will just take what they can get.
This place has a nice fancy french name. It had a lot of different Chinese pastries and buns. We bought a lot of different things to have and try and to have as a snack and breakfast. It was good and decent. You can compare it to like Fay Da in NYC.
My fiance and I went here for a late night snack.  I ordered the BBQ noodle soup.  The noodles were kind of like instant noodles out of a package of noodles that you can buy at any supermarket, and the BBQ pork did not taste good.  My fiance ordered pastry only. She ordered an elongated pastry with whipped cream running down tge length of it and two don tots (egg custard pastry).  The elongated pastry tasted great.  The don tot tasted so so.I only had one dish, and it was not good, but their pastries tasted okay.  Their waitresses were average at best.  They did their jobs, but they were not very friendly.If I went back here again, I would only go back to try their different pastries.
Nice Chinese bakery. I only sampled their buns -- red bean, green bean, taro filling. Prices were decent (around $1 per bun, give or take some cents), and they were as good as the baked Chinese goods I get in San Francisco. I like their orange paper pastry cups--makes for cleaner removal compared to what I usually get. The thin paper I see in SF sometimes leaves residue on its bread once peeled off.
I have tried bubble tea from dozens of shops. However, the one I got from this shop had to be the worst. The bubbles were hard and the milk tea was SUPER bitter and watery. I can't speak to the quality of the pastries because I didn't try any.
Perfect little cafe to grab a gourmet latte to go. They use a good roast for espresso drinks, and the milk is frothed to a sweet perfection every time. I tried the chai latte knowing I do not like chai lattes, and thought it tasted like it should. I feel really hip for coming here instead of heading to a Starbucks. It definitely does not compare to a franchise coffee shop (in a good way)!
having this huge love for their second location, the mile-end one hidden in savoie & fils, i finally took some time while near concordia to finally set foot in the original and most of all, one of the first 3rd wave cafés of montreal.well, let me tell you, despite the fact that its crammed and makes you feel like sardines, buzzing with people all day, every day it seems, somehow, it all works. stand in line, make your order, go to the pick up line and find a place to sit or get out. when i went, weather was very clement and with no available tables in sight, i gently asked if i could go outside for a sit down in the midst of winter to which they said yes. some café won't let you bring it outside during winter so it was nice to know it was ok.now, the most awesome thing, as you make your way out, people standing in your way would stop dead in what they were doing, let you pass (so you don't have to zig zag your way out) before going back to what they were doing. pretty impressive!anyway, as for coffee, its 49th and we all know of the quality of the roaster. on that day i was served the epic which is a pretty good one and it was perfectly made ie at the right temp so no burning taste nor too hot.its a bit pricier than their mile-end location but its downtownps. no more wifi but still full of students on weekends
Food: love the latte with soy milk, one of the only places where with the soy milk u still get the same creaminess as with regular milk~ the coffee is well brewed every time~Service: staff is very friendly and so chill~Price: reasonableAmbiance: my go-to-cure-Monday-blues spot~ i always go in the pm so there's always a spot to sit inside, not so many students actually~ cozy cozy!
Best cappuccino ever! Great collection of coffees. I highly recommend to anyone looking to unwind in a small, cozy coffee shop. They do also offer a variety of pastries.
First discovered this cafe shop from a local newspaper article ranking the 10 top coffee places in town. Came with my mom on a Sunday after hanging around in downtown. I selected my signature caffe latte for sure. They use 49th parallel espresso roast, giving an intense nutty, semi -bitter, but slightly chocolaty flavour. The only thing was i haf to ask the barista to reheat the milk with the steamer, even though i requested "very hot" at the cash upon ordering. so i guess they normally steam the milk just warm enough. But I just love extra hot milk and never taste the milk gets burned if it is overheated (when Barista justified why they don't steam the milk at too high temperature).  We had plain croissant together with our latte. A croissant costed $3-4 with taxes, which is hyper expensive. But it is super crunchy and adequate dosage of butter when the dough gets onto your palette. The ambiance is just okay, not too comfortable. With only around 10 small tables in the shop, the place is always full house. People just occupy the table for 2, when there is only ONE person, getting only a drink, staying for hours studying. Parking is just terrible, which make me coming less often.
On my tour de cafés in Montreal my husband recommended this spot. It's a cute little coffee shop which was just a couple of blocks from our hotel. He had been there the day before while I was fulfilling my bridesmaid duties. The inside is a bare bones coffee shop channeling its inner library with coffee by the pound stacked on the shelves from wall to wall. This place was cute enough, but doesn't offer wifi probably to keep people from tapping away at their keyboards for hours. Not that you would want to in the summer because it gets hot in there! (Probably another way to get their census down).  My husband had given me a heads up about how hot it was inside and luckily I was just getting coffee to go. When another patron asked to open the door for ventilation they said the AC was already going... Yikes! Hopefully the baristas keep hydrated to prevent heat stroke! They do offer a nice little patio which might be cooler. I ordered a cortado with skim milk (I know, but with my coffee intake being off the charts, something's gotta give).  Skim ended up being 1%, not sure if fat free exists in Canada, or maybe they're just more honest! The cortado was excellent. They have a small but respectable selection of pastries to pair with your coffee. Based on the coffee and food this is an excellent choice, however, the lack of wifi and poor ventilation bring this spot down.
Tiny little cafe with delicious coffee and pastries.  If you are in the neighborhood and want to pick up a real latte with foam art, this is your place.  Their pastry selection is also very good and from the looks of things, goes very fast.  Chic place to hang out with friends or study.
Myriade Cafe Montreal has a few different locations. There is one inside Club Monaco that is Instagram worthy. Or you can go to the OG on McKay off Saint Catherine's street.The original Myriade cafe is a tiny coffee shop serving Parallel 49th, intelligentsia and Cafe Saint Henri coffee roasts. You probably  can't add this to the "Photogenic Instagram Worthy Coffee Shops" to take your 4x4; however, a fine cup or joe is a fine cup of joe.I'm so glad today's roast was earthy and velvety. Americano for him and cappuccino for me.Baked goods available. WiFi is not.
A staple for downtown and rightfully so.Very consistent baristas, you will always receive a nicely-presented latte, hot chocolate, etc. They always serve Parallel espresso, but have others available for sale also. Lattes are some of the best in Montreal, which is surprising for such a big chain. They have very good croissants on hand, as well as other little treats.Beware though, no wi-fi (Kafein on Bishop is a nearby alternative with wi-fi).
Almost didn't go in because of the amount of people there, but I found a spot and am happy I decided to walk in. The place itself is basically half outdoors so it was brightly lit by natural light and had a nice breeze. There was no wifi however, so everyone is either reading/writing or quietly chatting. The music and overall atmosphere was really calming; it was such a great place to study on a summer afternoon. (I wanted something to nibble on so I got the apple pie under a limited pastry selection, but I would like to try their beverages next time I go back!)
the coffee is great. I am looking forward to more bakeries!
Delicious Nutella pastries!!! :) Picked some up for the road trip back to America and truly wish I got more..I ended up eating a few bites at a time to savor these pastries haha. I also had a duck breakfast sandwich - appreciate that they took the time to make it fresh!Definitely stop by for Nutella pastries if you get the chance.
Tiny, crowded, and a little hectic, but I got a good soy latte and the best chocolate croissant I have ever had in my life (and I've sampled a lot of chocolate croissants in my day)!
I know this is a super popular cafe joint for true coffee lovers. At this point, the cafe is WAY too small for the demand and I think they should really expand somehow. Personally, I get seriously claustrophobic when I'm in there because there's no place to move, especially when it's busy with human bodies also taking up space. I would never be able to sit down at a table with all the activity around me. I take my beverages to go-go-go!!!
Not a fan. Def overhyped. Coffee is pretty decent but that is about it. If u r looking for a chill place to read and all its a bit too loud and the space is small. Not very clean either. My drink order was also not correct
One of the best coffee in town. Can also try their other location inside Club Monaco on Ste Catherine.
Great coffee! Nice outside sitting area, perfect for a summer days. Good variety of baked goods.Friendly staff. This shop had a more lay back feeling than others, it is nicely put together though.
Place is small with tables really close together. chocolate croissants are not the best and more expensive than normal, staff is friendly
I was visiting Montreal with my boyfriend's Belgian family and I was in charge of finding breakfast each morning. Since they like to eat sweet things for breakfast rather than North American style of eggs/savory items I thought a nice coffee shop with some croissants and pastries would be a good fit. This was the perfect place for the 6 of us to have breakfast. We would each get a pastry (a savory scone for myself) and a coffee/tea/hot chocolate. The quality of the baked goods was phenomenal, everyone commented on how good they were. Very fresh!! The coffee was also awesome, and was presented very nicely. We actually ended up eating here 2 out of the 3 mornings we had in Montreal.We were a group of 6 and the Cafe baristas were patient with us so I really appreciated that. Thanks Cafe Myriade for making my mornings so enjoyable on our trip! :)
Super cozy cafe! Always packed but the coffee is amazing! Guaranteed Instagram likes of their coffee ;)
I came because of all the reviews on Yelp. And this place is Wayy overrated on Yelp. First of all the place is very cramped. The place is small. The tables are also small and placed too close. There's a patio that would more than double seating capacity in the summer. But right now it's winter. Only two choices for herbal tea. Only three pastries to choose from and I don't mean three kinds. Cool music playing and not too loud. Service friendly and fast. Not bad just overrated. There are many better places nearby.
Great latte.It 's a small place but very efficient and nice staff.Located in Parc Street near Sherbrooke.It's nice to have a sit on the mezzanine
Iced coffee and the scones are a beaut (as is the interior space). Highly recommended.
I like this cafe , the coffee u take is fresh as ull see the machines right infront of you . A little bit small shop but u can say that its kind of cozy , i prefer it in winter as their terrasse is nice . I would rate it 3 out of 5 for its prices . Its more expensive than others.
Once you have perfectly pulled espresso from Myriade you will never enter or even look at a chain coffee shop again. Specialty coffee is where it's at and Myriade does it right. Expertly pulled shots every time. Lattes, cappuccinos pare perfectly proportioned. Baristas always have fun with latte art. Bonus: the baked goods look great and the few I have tried do no disappoint.
I've been here quite a few times over the years.Every time, I get a 4 star latte, or cappuccino.When I was there last week, they were using 49th Parallel's "epic espresso blend".Luckily for me I noticed an option where I could choose the espresso for my drink!!So I asked, and managed to get one made w/49th's Old School blend - a darker and lower-acid roast. I'm glad I paid the extra 0.50, since I know what I like.I usually use a dark 49th espresso at home.For people wanting to buy coffee, there was a lot of selection on the shelves, including intelligentsia's black cat blend, lots of options from 49th, and some offerings from Phil & Sebastian - who are generally great.Staff were nice, but the place is small and pretty busy, so normally a grab n go place to me, since it's always hard to find a spot ie don't plant to sit.
Fabulous coffee in a forgettable but somehow charming ground floor storefront across from the Concordia library. This shop is the mothership of a Montreal coffee empire, sharing ownership with the also fabulous Pikolo. The customer flow is constant but the line moves at a decent clip. I dearly miss coming here for a coffee after the gym; it was probably my favourite place to be in downtown Montreal before I moved away. No wifi (since the start), which is counterintuitively a trend in this student- and laptop-heavy city. Nothing rivals their coffee between Pikolo and Tunnel to the east and Melk to the west.
Overdue review - but I had a good experience here with excellent coffee. Love their cappuccinos and café au lait.
A nice, quaint cafe located right near guy concordia. It is a little small, but the front windows so open up to an outdoor terrasse - perfect for the summertime. I had a soy mocha, my boyfriend had a coffee, and we shared a blueberry scone. Yummy!  They also sell bags of freshly roasted coffee, all with gorgeous packaging by the way. I bought a bag for a friend's birthday, and she loves it! It's a wonderful spot to catch up with a friend or to do some work.
My only complaint for this place is that it's too busy! Always a huge line, and you are truly lucky if you find a place to sit. The coffee is aromatic, strong, and simply gourmet. I guess I would know as the coffee beans are from 49th parallel, a coffee shop close to my home in Vancouver. Best place to grab a coffee to go around the Concordia downtown campus.
Best soy Americano so far in the city- the baristas are friendly and willing to make the concoctions anyway you want them. The flavor of coffee is smooth and bold here. No wifi nor plugs for your laptop so as much as you want to lounge it's more up for a grab and go or chit chat with your pals -Not very ideal for studying or freelancing.
This coffeeshop is always filled up with a young crowd. Yummy and fresh pastries, delicious latte, great iced latte, convenient location. Inspiring.I like to go there since it has a good location, and work on my stuff during a few hours and just enjoy the moment.Staff is very friendly and courteous.
Not a fan. The space is cramped and hot. Tables Re very close to each other. The soy latte was decent but the staff wasn't friendly and didn't seem interested in answering questions about the menu. The scone was weirdly cakey. The music was loud for my taste. Overall, not a pleasant time.
Their latte was delicious; however, the space is much too small, especially when it's too cold to make use of their front terrasse. I came in on a Wednesday around 3 PM and was lucky to get a table, but I could not possibly get any work or reading done. The cafe was crowded with people lining up to order, and very noisy (everyone was trying to talk over each other and the music). It seems to be a good meeting place, and the perfect spot to get a coffee to go, but too busy to relax or work/study on your own.
I am completely in awe of what I have experienced tonight. Prior to tonight I thought I had tasted good coffee and knew what I liked/disliked. And when I'm out and about, I typically go for Starbucks' Pike Place roast for its body and flavour with my added splash of milk. Tonight I tried an espresso from myriade since I needed the jolt of energy during an intense study session. I cannot believe that that flavour is real. I don't know what the bean the was, how they prepped it - all I know is that I asked for an espresso and I received this intensely flavoured espresso that was not bitter in the least. It had a fruity taste. There was a slight aftertaste on the tongue (which I think was the best part). And it gave me a nice jolt of focus without making me tense or making me feel overly caffeinated. Major, major props!
Excellent cappuccino (I love the designs that they do)! The croissants and savory muffins are also tasty.
Myriade is my long time coffee home. Predating--or at least arriving on time for--the new-wave coffee scene in Montreal. The staff is friendly, fast, and familiar. The coffee is strong, simple, and satisfying. There's typically (outside school hours) plenty of space to sit and relax, thanks in part to the lack of available Wi-Fi. Myriade lacks the pretensions and complexities of other coffee houses: outside your regular espresso/milk based drinks, you won't find a vast selection of roasts to choose from (usually 2-3 on a given day) or methods to brew them with (The Vario 60 is all I can make out on the menu). When it's hot they have cold brew. In the wintertime the mocha is heartwarming. My impression is that Myriade wants to be a staple in your life. You can find more exotic--and better--coffee elsewhere, but there's nowhere as good to plant your coffee fix roots.
Great interior space! It's pretty busy but we were still able to grab a seat. The best latte we had while visiting montreal. They pulled perfect shots with nice latte latte art.
Solid coffee but not a place I'd ever want to hang out. Basically a grab and go. Interior could use some love. Bathroom is hella gross. I wanted to purell my body. Enough said. Also, please cut off the WiFi on weekends. You have 6 tables and people are using them as a damn library workstation. You're too busy for that. Just make it easier for me to love you. Cause I just wanna love you. OK? Bye!
Worst taste of coffee. I ordered coffee with milk, and it tasted like milk diluted with water. It was not even hot. Wasted 5 dollars for ?diluted milk, and I won't go to this place ever again. The only reason why this place is popular is its location next to Concordia. Its popularity has nothing to do with its quality of coffee.
Impressive Latte. One of the best I've had.  The pastry and scone we had was excellent as well. Make sure you ask about the pastry before you choose. I came dangerously close to purchasing a gluten free muffin that was not labeled as such. Nice small terrace on a quiet side street.
They know how to make a espresso, what is not really obvious in downtown Montreal: Perfectly brewed at the right temperature and with a beautiful layer of foam on top. But you have to drop by when the shop is not busy, which is a rare sighting. Normally all the tables, inside and outside, are packed with people either working or reading or discussing. You may not even get a chance to sit. But if you are there for the coffee, you don't let those ruin your bliss. Just order your espresso and enjoy... Even if it means it will be a take-out.
Cafe Myriade is a cute little coffee shop serving 49th Parallel Coffee.Coming here with high expectation and was a little disappointed!Both Americano and Cappuccino we ordered were both overly fruity to even sour.The search of a great cup of espresso drink continues....maybe I just stuck to drinking beers!
After some research, we had decided to give Café Myriade a try for a creative brainstorming session. We really enjoyed the outdoor patio. There is something peaceful about sitting on a bench under the blue sky, enjoying a drink and baked good. Café Myriade's fig bar was deliciously sweet with a hint of salt to balance out the flavour. The chai latte was slightly diluted. The Barista was kind enough to exchange the drink for an ice cappuccino. The ice cappuccino was perfectly acidic and expertly proportioned. Overall, Café Myriade is slightly expensive ($8.84 for a drink and baked good) but nonetheless a great way to spend an sunny afternoon. Just don't forget to bring a companion, a book or something to write or draw with as there is no wifi in the café.
Best coffee in Montréal. Only thing I'd change is the price, it's a bit too high. I'd drink coffee here everyday if I could. Super simple, great lattes and mochas.
I have been to Myriade over a dozen times and typically order an Americano, sometimes a latté, periodically a snack. I *cannot* for the life of me get a hot coffee at this place and I like my coffee hot! Warm-ish is the best I can hope for from Myriade, so this is a big bad in my books. Also, just fair warning: Myriade coffee is perhaps an acquired taste - slightly acidic or kinda manky in some way. I like many locally-roasted, fair trade coffees from far and wide and this place disappoints me every time. It's also the most expensive bag of coffee I've ever purchased in my life, when I decided to try to make it at home.I'd like to be able to love Myriade, since my studio is in the EV building of Concordia right next door, but... I... Just... Can't. Maybe I'm not hipster enough.
Really good americanos. The place is small and often busy so I usually just pick up a drink and go. It's pretty laid back and the outside seating (if you can get one) is pretty nice. It's on MacKay off of Maisonneuve so it's not super busy and can be quite peaceful.
Delicious espresso, beautiful shop and great selection of coffees. This is a must for any Third-Wave coffee lover!
My first time in Montreal and I LOVE this place -- great vibes and quality coffee, two of my favorite things.
Is everyone in Montreal this friendly? Normally, at a coffee shop where they serve a simple menu of options based around the best beans with an artsy-industrial vibe, I expect to get some attitude with my order. Not so. The coffee is good enough to drink black, if you're the type, but they won't judge you if you get a soy latte either.
Myriade is the quintessential third-wave coffee shop in downtown Montreal-West. The staff is mostly friendly, and the quality is unwavering, so go ahead and get a macchiato or espresso and savour  They carry 49th Parallel beans, and they run a pretty tight ship. The place is incredibly popular with Concordia students, so avoid the Monday to Thursday 8h30 rush during the school year. The seating is limited considering its immense popularity, but go anyway and you might be lucky enough to snag a seat.
Adore the coffee. I'm not a coffee connoisseur by any means, and I usually don't miss out on cream and sugar, but their coffee didnt need any of that; I only added some honey. Their cafe du jour is great and I always get a pecan bar. The cafe is typically pretty full, but I've never had to wait for a table. If I come back to Montreal I'll be sure to stop by here again!
Being a huge coffee aficionado, I have tried a dozen coffee shop in Montreal. Myriade is hands down the best shop in Montreal. Not only the coffee is spectacular, but it's a great place to hang out... Super friendly staff is the cherry on top. Highly recommended!
The environment is ok, I like the wood chairs  and It's one of the best place in Montreal which you can find a very good cafe lattè and enjoy
This is one of my favorite coffee spots within walking distance of my apartment. They have great tasting coffee and some interesting food selection--I got a carrot muffin once and it was delicious. It's small, but you can usually find a spot. There's no wifi, but that helped me focus on homework or writing.
Cafe Myriade is one of my favourite places for a latte downtown Montreal. The service is generally good and anything you order is bound to taste amazing. The only complaint that I have is that the place is always packed and it can be very hard to get a table. It is a great spot of Concordia students to grab something to go or sit and study.
I had the cappuccino, which was way above the norm.   Could feel the love and care put into it.
We choosed Myriade as the closest place around Palais de Congres in Montreal, suggested by Yelp. Saturday, at 9 AM, it was already fool. Nice athmosphere, classical music (perfect for breakfast). A very simple, warm design. Very good latte! Not the best pastry (too much dought, doesn't taste like made on the place). Very friendly staff and welcoming barrista. A nice place to go fo a morning wake up.The prices? CAD 17 for 2 delicious lattes & 2 pastries, a nice ambience and a clean toilet.
I'm downtown often so going to Myriade for my caffeine fix is always the highlight of my day when I have to go in this busier core of the city. Myriade is a nice change from the heavy selection of generic coffee chains found in this area and it's the only independent coffee shop this side of town (but I may be wrong, I only go here!).They have a nice coffee/tea menu, sell coffee beans from independent distributors, and a delicious selection of baked goods (vegan muffins anyone?) They even sell Saint Donuts' donuts who make the best apple fritter donuts I've ever sank my teeth into. Nom. It's never busy enough where you have to wait very long for your coffee but there is never room to sit down as it always packed which, in my opinion, is not a bad thing.The patrons tend to be a mixture of people from professionals to students. The staff is always cordial and efficient. Be prepared to be a regurlar at this unpretentious coffee shop :)
Charmingly delicious about sums it up. Myriade is a fantastic cafe just around the corner from the Guy-Concordia metro. Their espresso drinks are close to perfection, and their drip coffee is bold and complex (and the filter coffee, served in their pseudo-Sovietique coffee mugs, makes you feel like a badass drinking it). The pastries are phenomenal. So why only four stars? The space is far too "cozy" for my tastes. The seating is quite limited, and even though there's no wifi or power outlets to entice the MacBook-wielding table-leeching students (oh, I know, I'm one of them too...) more than once I've had to stand awkwardly to the side with my coffee and belongings, anxiously waiting for someone to make motions of packing up so I can claim their table before the next guy. Then, there's the tiptoed two-step of trying to squeeze into the newly-opened seat without dumping your coffee on someone's computer or person, or projecting your derriere into their personal space while trying to put your things in order. And then, remember, no power outlets, no wifi. Great for avoiding Facebook, not so great for...well...checking Facebook. But, delicious. And charming. And delicious.
I always search out the best espresso place in town. Being from Seattle, I'm a serious coffee snob. This cafe is great and serves up a tight traditional cappuccino. Pastries are good but not outstanding. The have lots of local coffee competition awards and it shows.
Good food.  Great for kids and family's.   Loud and busy.  Tables are a bit too close to each other.  Feels a bit crowded.    Great service.
Good location, easily accessible, small friendly store and even friendlier prices. Cafe Myriade has everything ranging from dark coffee with delicious muffins to amazingly delicious hot chocolates. Being right next to the library and the engineering building, this is a life saver for if I taste even an extra sip of that absolutely disgusting beverage Tim Horton's calls "coffee", I will puke it out on my next exam. It's as if someone put coffee beans in a hot cup of water, manually grinded them up using a spoon then dipped in a sock to add some more taste.4/5 because it is SURPRISINGLY noisy for such a small cafe. Everything else was perfect!
Great place to stop in for a good coffee and pastry. The best coffee we had here in Montreal so far. Scones were very tasty and baristas was nice.
Great coffee, the also have beans from forty ninth parallel, intelligentsia and a roaster from Nova Scotia, Anchored. Drip coffee leaves to be desired though and they don't offer any special brewed coffee (like chemex or syphon).
Myriade Coffee is one of the best spot in town to enjoy a rich handcrafted latte or even richer mocha! For any hot cocoa lover the mocha is a must with his rich flavor and texture. The indoor space is a bit small for studying, the tables are small and place often crowded but the outdoor space (terrace) is good to relax on summer days. Excellent location in downtown close to Guy-Concordia metro station. I highly recommend this place for coffee lovers as currently one of the best in Montreal :)
I'm not a coffee drinker at all so why am I reviewing a coffeehouse? I came here a few days ago to meet a friend, neither of us knew where to meet but after reading the reviews here for Cafe Myriade, we decided on this spot and that was an excellent decision.Very small, cozy and extremely limited seating especially in the wintertime when the summer patio is closed, I ordered a fantastic hot chocolate and my friend had a tea. With selections written up on the chalkboard, the smell of freshly roasted coffee, the student vibe, many converstions taking place all around us, it has the feel of a real coffeehouse and not some generic wifi spot like Startbucks of Second Cup where hipsters who wear that sock-thing over their head, silently park themselves in from of their laptops.What I also loved was the musical selections playing in the background. Any place that plays the likes of My Bloody Valentine and Radiohead is totally cool in my book.
Very small inside with a patio that is a bit larger.  We stopped in for coffee after sightseeing and the staff was welcoming and friendly.  A great alternative to "Starbees". My cappuccino and Hubs coffee was so rich and good we purchased a $10 bag of espresso to take home.
Myriade reminds me of Vancouver and that is ALWAYS a good thing, because in my opinion, it's (Van) the coffee capital of Canada. But I digress.I really like Myriade because they make amazing lattes. They also use/sell some of my favorite beans from 49th Parellel (from Vancouver!) and that's always a bonus. The staff is very friendly and happy to enlighten you, should you have questions about roasts, bean quality, grinds etc. They're als not over-priced, unlike some coffee shops. Love it! Myriade is very small, so I see it as a to-go place, more than anything. That said, they do have an outdoor patio that's great when the ground isn't covered with snow and it's not -30 :-).  Up side: a friend of mine bakes goodies for them on weekends and they are dee-licious! So.... what are you waiting for? Go check'em out!
For the final coffee-specific stop in Montreal, Myriade Coffee was on my list and featuring the most English friendly crowd and servers of the group (likely due to its hip/young clientele just steps from the Concordia College campus) I found the space to be quite familiar both in selection and in style.  A small space on the interior with an exterior densely populated by kids who'd not look out of place in Williamsburg or Bushwick, Myriade manages to fit a lot of coffee and technique into a small space and with roasters and purveyors including 49th Parallel Vancouver, Heart of Portland, Squar Mile London, and Ritual San Francisco all on hand along with drip, press, pourover, and Toddy the options are - well - myriad.Spending a few minutes checking out the whole beans and watching the baristas work, I inevitably settled on the only roaster I'd not experienced - Square Mile - and ordered a pourover of Rwanda Musashi, a coffee I'd never heard of (let alone tasted) that proved to be rich and balanced, slightly fruity but not at all acidic, and light with a lingering sweetness.  Noting here that this single cup was more expensive than both my beverage at Toi Moi et Café and Brulerie St. Denis while, to my mouth not as good as the former and only slightly improved to the later I certainly understand the appeal of Myriade to locals as it represents some exotic choices, but as a visitor I'd rather experience beans roasted locally than a selection culled from other cities at a higher price.
Cafe Myriade is a monster in the Montreal coffee scene. Everybody knows about it.I had several cappucinos and the milk was always poorly textured, the shots are consistent and good but not exciting enough.They are too popular for their own good. At least, go to Myriade II on Saint-Viateur, they have more time to really take care of your coffee.If you're a true coffee lover (snob?), I don't think Myriade is exciting enough for you. For everyone else, it's downtown and it's good quality overall.
Cafe Myriade is the go-to coffee shop around Concordia. It's one of the few places with decent coffee amongst all the Starbucks and Java U's in the area. The coffee had a good flavour and I actually ended up getting seconds. I haven't tried their selection of baked goods, and it was hard to resist cause they looked delicious.Cafe Myriade has got a chillaxing atmosphere, but be warned, it's rather small and usually crowded with students.
Very nice atmosphere.  Friendly staff.  Cappa is very smooth.  Really like the zucchini muffin.  Chocolate crossiant good, but would be better warm.  Overall, had a very nice experience.
This is a quaint little coffee shop that serves up true, legit, good quality coffee. It's very homey and simple, it has a friendly and efficient staff, and isn't overpriced like most mainstream coffee shops. Their baked goods are divine but don't steal the spotlight from what they are first and foremost - a coffee shop. I especially enjoy their muffins with my latte or cappuccino. The cherry on top: There is a little patio outside, so you can enjoy your coffee and snack outdoors too.
My favorite coffee shop in Montreal. The staff is great, the coffee delicious and the location is great. Soy lattes are delicious and the pastries are delightful.
I stopped here on a recent trip to Montreal to see a rock show.  It was early morning, and I was looking for an alternative to Tim Hortons (not that I don't like Tim Hortons).I ordered a cappuccino and a croissant.  The croissant was the real deal, and the cappuccino was just as good as any coffee house back home.The space is comfortable and welcoming, I sat outside thumbing through a newspaper, watching the city come to life.
Soooo good but sooo busy. Myriad has the fortune and misfortune of being the hands down best coffee shop near Concordia. The problem is the secret is out and this place is almost always packed with students at any time of the day. Good luck finding a seat.
A great alternative to the local coffee chains. This place has excellent baked goods and fresh roasted coffee. It is small, but turn over is fairly quick so it won't take long to get a table, especially if the outdoor deck is open. Service is quick and pleasant. Remember to tip your barista as they bus your table for you! A nice touch. Any time of day you'll find this place filled with a nice mix of business people, hipsters and students.
Loved the coffee!  Just didn't like that their place is small.  But hey...it's a small place that carries a BIG punch!  lol!!!  This will be a place I will visit on a regular basis...SALUD!!!  :)
Cafe Myriade is a small unassuming cafe but they serve a nice selection of coffee and Black Cat espresso.  Nice selection of pastries as well.  The smaller setting is welcoming.
I can't have a latte from anywhere else.. It's always busy for a reason. Their treats are also very good but they don't often have a big variety and they run out of them fast.
We ordered chocolate water (literally taste like melted dark chocolate with water....quite interesting, really rich chocolate taste, a little bitter), apricot danish thing and meat pastry. The pastries were good, very light and flaky. The staff were very friendly as well.We didn't try their coffee coz we are not coffee drinkers, but overall this place is alright.
Big Con: Too many 'hip' people hanging at the small local. Big Pro: the coffee! Amazing selection of fancy coffee.Still better than any popular coffee shops!
Coffee is ok, but the place is way too small, stuffy, humid, with overwhelming smell of coffee (NOT in the good way).
I was happy to have found this indie cafe by my hotel during my short trip to Montreal.  I dropped in at around a quarter to 12 and this place was really busy.  All the seats inside were taken up which left only the patio that had possible just as many seats as the interior. I opted for a latte ($3.51) which was great - milk was velvety and the espresso was strong.  Happy I didn't have to settle for Starbucks!
I got a latte. The presentation was good. The latte it self was above average.
Short and sweet: Beautifully presented latte, but weak. Lukewarm latte, when I requested hot. Music was terrible. At some point the couple next to me started to rave dance to the music. I almost wanted to join in if I wasn't so busy yell-versing. I like the variety of clientele though.
Best coffeeshop in Montreal by far. It excels in espresso drinks, filtered and pressed coffee. It is usually crowded and has no wireless.
Really good coffee and service. The daily bakes goods are excellent. Make sure to try their flat white latte!
I have never liked 49th parallel beans so thats my problem with the place.  It is SOUR coffee, not rich or nutty.You will also never find a seat in this place.Its a cute environment but this is a coffee shop where I go for hot chocolate.  Bleh.
One of my favorite and must visit cafe when I come here.  Their coffee are always made perfectly.   I absolutely love this little cafe.  It can get very crowded.   But also worth coming here for a take away.
Atmosphere is fantastic, outside terrase, college crowd, great looking baristas and wood decor. The latte quality has gone down some because they introduced larger mugs and did not adjust the espresso concentrations to match - results in a very weak latte. I recommend you order lattes in takeout cups instead or ask for the smaller latte version that has less milk.
Loved the smooth taste of the latte and hipster vibe. The croissant was soft and flaky.
Best Espresso pull of three coffee shops visited today.  The hot chocolate was very good but the more dense drinkable chocolate (no milk) was superb.  Pastries were good.  Staff was personable.  A little small inside and no free wi-fi, but this can be forgiven.
West coast coffee, west coast vibe in the heart of Montreal!Hailing from Vancouver, a place where people take their coffee very seriously. It was a relief to stumble upon a place that prides itself on simplicity and quality coffee. They know how to make their drinks with quality and care. I'm not scalding myself on burnt milk and burnt coffee.The simplicity lies in the fact that they focus on their coffee and don't get lost in the notion of the cafe vibe (which personally is a terrible inclination in montreal coffee shops) Just a small assortment  of pastries doesn't overwhelm what they do best.I usually order an americano, but enjoy their cappuccinos (wet, none of this silly cloud of foam crap)cheers!  love the cynical coffee nerd !
Staying in downtown Montreal during a visit, this is the ONLY place we went for coffee. Was absolutely excellent.
The true barista is not only an artist, but also humble. And the folks here not only serve the best coffee in town, cups down, they do it without pretension and with a smile. Every time that I've been here they're always striving to give you the best cup possible, even if that means doing it twice if it doesn't live up to theirs or your expectations.Sure, it's not a big chain coffee shop with CDs on sale, big sofas and WiFi leechers. To me, it's a place to make your regular coffeeshop where the barista remembers just how you drink your coffee.
Alright, I have to join in with the crowds and say... "woohoo! as good as it gets!"  GREAT coffee, well done, very smooth, no horrible Starbucks burnt-bitter aftertaste, perfect amount of foam on my Americano.  Not a huge selection of eats (just your usual pastries) but probably the best crossaint I've had - flaky and dense at the same time, beautiful buttered crust. Very busy in the mornings!  Seems as this must be a real local hotspot it is just buzzing in this tiny cafe.  Decent amount of seating but you gotta be quick!MMmm, we're going back again this morning :D
Good coffee happening here. Cafe Myriade sources their beans from several different roasters including Ritual of San Francisco!  They do my fave V-60 dripper brewing. Give 'em a is it for some great coffee/espresso! They have the beans and the right equipment!
Great place to pop in for a gourmet latte and a snack- I also tend to buy my coffee beans here. Not the best place to stick around a long time as it is small with few tables. I go for the coffee but not the social aspect. It would be cool if they could find a way to add a social barista bar type vibe where regulars could come- like Lili and Oli down in st-Henri . I always bring guests to Myriade so they can try out a nice coffee.
This place is a great option for those looking for something else than Starbucks or Tim Hortons. They have very good fresh roasted coffee and they are the only place in the area with quality coffee and backed goods. I took a latte and it definitely uphold its reputation. The place is generally filled with Concordia students and it's hard to get a place to sit. People usually end up chatting on the large terrace in front as it is always crowded. Avoid if you are looking for a quiet place to study.
The biggest grudge I hold against the Concordia-Bishop-Mackay area is its lack of stylish, delicate, unique and quality places. Appealing to Ed Hardy clientele does lead you to favor quantity and superficiality but luckily the Antichrist has come: Myriade.The cafe has a great varieties of beans (Kenyan, Jamaican, American) which are chosen to fit specific types of preparation (French press for example). While other coffee shops on St-Denis will offer you a wide range of choices, you will perhaps appreciate the more narrow and focused selection here. More, the diversity of the menu is also reflected with its authentic and rare tea varieties such as the Black one imported from Northern China.Myriade is very busy though and you won't find many seats during the summer. Being one of a kind in the neighborhood, do not choose this cafe to work or read as its noise level won't allow you to focus accurately. Furthermore, the WiFi is pretty poor as you will have to share Concordia's bandwidth. Too bad, coziness would have paired magnificently with such a beautiful interior.
I work nearby and try and make it to cafe myriade every weekday. I have had all sorts of drinks from here (latte, mocha, espresso, tea) and they have all exceeded my expectations. The Earl grey tea is the best I have ever had, no sugar necessary. However, it comes out scalding hot so watch out.They also sell an assortment of pastries such as banana bread, vegan muffins, and croissants which are my favorite. The staff is always efficient and helpful. The tunes are very indie and it is definitely a hipster joint. Personally I love it when I walk in to hear death cab playing on the stereo.
It took a couple of hours for me to finally find this spot (coming in from Vieux Port and downtown).  Google maps didn't lead me right (boo hoo!) along the bus path, but hey.... there's so much to eat in Montreal, may as well get the exercise to balance it out.Once I found it, I was hoping it was open!  And yes, I believe it's open until 7pm.  It's a small shop, but very clean and with a spacious outdoor seating area (more room outside than inside..  and I'm not sure how that works in the winter).  I ordered a latte, and he recommended the carrot cake when I asked for a pastry suggestion.  Sold.  For those espresso geeks out there, they use Ritual (although not the time I was there), as well as 49th Parallel.  The one I had, I forget the name of, but rest assured, they know good espresso beans, and they use it, and make it quite excellently.  It was one of the best lattes I've had - beating all of the southern California shops I've hit up (i.e. Intelligentsia).  Service is superb.  So friendly and nice, and yes, the carrot cake suggestion was well done.  It's not a frosted/iced carrot cake a la my homeland of the USA.  It was plain, but filled with chunks of walnuts and carrots and pineapple.  I only really care for fresh pineapple on its own and not *in* anything, but this really works well.  Not overly sweet, either - but enough to make the perfect pair with a latte.  A tad pricey at I think almost $8 for drink and cake, but most things in Montreal seem high quality - and so it ends up being well worth it.
Husband loved the espresso and I absolutely loved my cafe mocha.
Definitely on Montreal's top 5 café list. Their bean selection is divine and the barristas know what they're doing.
Staying in the downtown core of Montreal recently, I kind of expected there to be a number of quality cafes within walking distance; places that really cared about the quality of their beans and creating some good drinks.  As far as I can tell, that's not the case.Luckily, I came across Myriade by way of a recommendation from a friendly stranger.  Proudly displaying beans from 49th Parallel in Vancouver and Ritual from SF, this busy shop equals the quality I've become accustomed to while in Toronto.My friend got a latte, while I opted for an Americano.  Both were excellent and proved to be the best espresso I had while in Montreal.The cafe has a great atmosphere, with patrons spilling out of the tiny interior onto the steps in front.  The place was abuzz with activity, and proved excellent for an afternoon of people watching.Overall - a must visit for coffee aficionados visiting downtown Montreal.
One of the best true coffee shops in mtl-no panini presses getting in the way of great coffee (although they do still offer pastries for hungry visitors). 49th Parallel seems to be their staple, but they've offered a variety of coffees-both different roasters and regions. In addition to standard filter, they also offer press, eva solo and siphon brewing methods. Knowledgeable staff in a cozy but cute space with wi-fi. I'm only knocking a star because of inconsistency. I've had delicious, perfectly extracted shots here, reminiscent of the best of the west, but have also experienced the biting acidity that other reviewers commented on. I can only think to attribute this to the high rotation of espressos and what seems to be a preference for bright flavor profiles. That being said, the folks at Myriade offer enough selection and seem nice enough to find you something you'll really enjoy. Not a coffee fan? Try anything containing their real chocolate mix, it's great!
Real third wave coffee. Nice shop, excellent beans, and disgusting bathrooms, just like any good coffee shop :-)
Great coffee, space, service...couldn't ask for much more.  Myriade is in a spot with few coffee shops so it was a great find.  My only tiny complaint is that their baked good were not as good as I had hoped. The croissant and pain au chocolate were tasty but soft; I like when they have a bit more crunch to them.
A cozy little coffee shop with great drip and specialty coffees (siphon, eva solo, and press pot).Tried the espresso first, and it was barely drinkable. Even after pouring sugar in (which I normally don't love doing). Super bitter and acidic. Yikes.Determined to give this place another try despite already twitching from caffeine, I ordered the eva solo coffee. This was fantastic. Smoother than a press pot yet not as thin as chemex or siphon. The coffee itself was bold and nutty and extremely well-balanced.I'll come back when I'm back in Montréal, but only for the coffee. For espresso, I'll stick with Café Olimpico, even if it's a 15 minute metro ride away.
Coffee aficionados will appreciate the attention to detail of the baristas here. I had a couple of eva solo presses. They were clearly serious about selecting their beans and preparing the coffee.I had to remove a star: there was no wi-fi and the place is cramped with tiny tables. This isn't a place for a chill out session on a sofa with your iPad.
Excellent cappuccino. What a capp should be. Super tiny shop but so worth it.
This is real coffee, served the way it was intended to be. Fresh, tasty and strong! If you want copious amounts of whipped cream and caramel (in essence-- a dessert masquerading as coffee), hit one one of the numerous big chains in the area.... because you won't find it here.
This is the best coffee in the Downtown core. Not only is it the best coffee but it is inexpensive and the service is great! I prefer their americano's to their espressos. Right in the middle of Concordia University campus it is sometimes hard to find a place to sit. If you do, have the french press option, great for a date! If you get there early they usually have a great selection of baked goods! Personal favorites are the vegan apricot coconut muffin!
One of the top coffee shops in Montreal!
Amazing coffee, thank you yelp for leading me in the right direction. You can spot this places a block away, there are people everywhere.
Really, really, really good coffee. It had to be one of the best lattes I have had in a long time. Their muffins, especially the raspberry chocolate chip one, are to die for. I wouldn't have known the muffins are vegan unless I was told. I only wish this cafe was closer to my home.
I was pleased by a cup of Ethiopia Adulina brewed with some Clever-like contraption (immersion with filter) was good. I worried that it would be too bright, but it's got some sweetness that balanced things out. Reasonable price, too. The guy who took my order was pretty friendly. Either the wifi was down or they don't have wifi. The cafe has a big sliding glass window that they open up when weather permits, letting the fresh air in.
In the hunt for great coffee in Montreal, we scoped out the highly recommended places, and I have to say this place did not disappoint.  The coffee shop is right next to Guy-Concordia EV building, which is really convenient when its cold outside, since you just have to exit the metro station inside the Guy-Corcordia building.  Anyways, the place is really small, but always filled with people, not only students but also locals.The coffee is pretty good, having an oil layer right on the top of the cup.  We also tried a mocha and a latte, and the mocha was amazing (they use real chocolate pieces, unlike Starbuck's chocolate powder), and the latte was not only tasty, but pretty in its presentation.  As far as their pastries, they also have this amazing apple cake that is really yummy...they also sell tea blends if tea is more your forte.  The only con to this place is that the coffee can be a bit pricey...
Exceptionally good coffees and teas, thoughtfully prepared, from French press to the Eva Solo to cutting edge techniques. The emphasis is on good service and even better coffee. An outdoor terrasse adds to the scene in the summer months; at other times, patrons jostle for space at tables inside, or get their beverages to go. Regular tea and coffee tastings on Sundays. Café Myriade is raising the bar for cafés in the city.
Wonderful shop, friendly staff, great coffee with people who know how to truly make it.
Best mocha I had in a long time - perfect amount of sweetness in the chocolate, and the espresso used was very very good- - no wifi :( so beware if you plan to stay a while - worth a quick visit
I don't live in Montreal and can only rate this place based on one visit and one Americano but it was great coffee -- bright and a little bit sweet.They have a great little front patio and free wi-fi.They sell tons of 49th Parallel coffee (which is currently my fave) and staff is super friendly.
I'm not a coffee drinker but have thoroughly enjoyed their teas. The staff and ambiance is nice (though on the hipster side). However, it's tiny and you feel quite squeezed in.
Great coffee shop. Does everything right, and is equipped for much more, while still being just shy of pretension. I totally dig the vibe: open and efficient. The terrace is a great place to hang out and work on your wifi, caffeinated. I'd come back in a heartbeat.
Myriade is basically the no-frills, superb coffee place you've always heard of but figure is too obscure to find. They do coffee in its various flavors and very little besides - just the way I like it!People looking for wifi, expansive seating (not unless it's a warm day!) and tons of food options best look elsewhere. This is the place to go when you want a really, really good latte, a croissant, and a few minutes off the side of Ste. Catherine to chill. You're only seconds from getting back on the shopping path. And the Vancouver heritage shows - any transplants from the west coast will know exactly what I'm talking about the moment they take a sip.
The espresso is magnificent and, at the moment, they have both 49th Parallel and Ritual beans.  I nearly passed out from joy when I saw the Ritual logo in the store.  I am pretty sure a choir of angels was singing when I sipped my first espresso here.  Could have been the radio...What really differentiates Myriade from Art Java's downtown location is that Myriade is really, consistently good.  I've never had a bad shot of espresso here.Note to West Coasters: you will not be disappointed!
Hands down, easily, no questions about it: Montreal's best coffee bar.  Phenomenal beans (49th Parallel, Ritual, Phil & Sebastian, etc.), daily specials, nice equipment, great touch--hell, even their drip coffee is amazing because they only make it small-batch.  These people know what they're doing, but, equally importantly, they've created a café space that's a pleasure to go to.
GREAT coffee shop. I have been asking hotel staff and people on the street where the best coffee in Montreal was and I received the same answer, Starbucks. I'm glad I didn't take that for the answer, instead I went on a hunt and finally found, the best coffee in Montreal.
The BEST cappuccino in Montreal. So good that I had two :) Small caffe, but comfortable with a great vibe.
YUM YUM YUM.  It was a quick stop for us, but so glad we did.  Nice staff, cute place, delicious coffee... the kind of place that I would come to on a regular basis if I lived nearby.  Hope I can go back again and try some of their coffees in a press, or a siphon... so many options!
This nice WARM coffee shop was heaven sent when i was in freezing Montreal. The staff is very friendly and your drinks come very fast. Its usually busy but not busy to the point that you feel awkward staying and drinking your coffee there because of the hustle and bustle of the crowd (as I do in some places aka Starbucks -_- ) You have to try the sipping chocolate!  :D
Almost the best coffee I can find in Montreal so far!
Coffee to rival the best in Vancouver... Excellent!
Hole in the wall with amazing lattes, hot chocolate and tea. I'm hooked.
Saturday morning opening event, long line that almost extended outside. Really cool and enthusiastic staff. I took a latté, a bag of beans Kittel beans and each one of their three pastries. The raisin almond danoise - absolutely delicious. The latté was on the mellow side and lacked a bit of character - I forgot to ask what beans they used. But I'll give it a second try when they're less busy.The place is kind of very cool though. A minimalistic and cozy design with a heated exterior terrace and ice-cream style window. Add the friendly local atmosphere and it fits right in the neighborhood. I normally don't give charm points but +1 for this one.Great authentic experience overall. It's always nice to see places like this open.
tiny coffee shop that is more of a take-out joint but it doesn't mean you can't enjoy a coffee on the premise. there's a bench on the inside otherwise its a heated terrace during winter.its located just across from laurier metro station by the laurier exit. its in the old vegan ice cream shop.coffee served here is phil & sebastian and kittel coffee which depending on what you're getting can go from meh-ok (kittel) to this is good (P&S)to me, its a solid 3.5 as it doesn't reinvent anything. its more of the same in the very saturated meh indie coffee shops lately. its not a "i must go out of my way for a cup of joe" but if you're ever in the neighborhood, its a worthy stop considering there isn't much in term of coffee in that specific area without having to walk 10 minutes to the closest one, in term of great cup of joe (lapin pressé to the east, le couteau to the south)
This a nice place to stop on your way to or from the Laurier metro. The Coffee is quite good the pastry are very good but its is more of a coffee pit stop that's why I gave it 3/5 and not more.
Excellent brewed coffee. Very friendly guy at the counter. Super nice design of a small space. I love the window service. A great place to sit outside.
Noble café serves Kittel cafe and Dispatch cold brew. They have wifi and are near Laurier. Sadly, the quality of the espresso and home-made cold brew is very average.
Loved they spend the time to explain the maple and give you tastes of as much as you want. Of course the maple sugar candy, maple macaroon, maple latte were all delicious! Great place to learn and taste this Canadian staple.
This place is maple-amazing!!My husband and I popped in here without realising it was a maple mecca - we were just in need of some iced tea/coffee. Once I got to the counter I saw that they had maple iced tea and maple iced coffee, so I ordered one of each. It was soooo good! Seriously all iced tea should be maple-a-fied!! One of my colleagues asked me to bring back some maple syrup cookies from Canada...so a few days later I came back to buy some of those as well. This shop did not disappoint! I bought a couple of large boxes of maple cream cookies...and so the main noise in my office at this very moment is "oishiiiiiiii" (yum!) as my Japanese colleagues munch there way through them! They go REALLY well with tea. We also bought some maple syrup (how could we not!?) and tried a couple of the maple gelato ice-creams. It is all great. Good work Canada. Good work.* They also have a store in Montreal airport after you make it through security...so don't worry if you leave your cookie-purchases to the last second.
Eh. I was underwhelmed. About the best thing I can say is that they had a semi-clean restroom (only one that day; the second was out of order).I wanted to go because there was a site that said this location had a "Maple Museum". I do so love museums. But when we got there, it was so uninspired. They had information on the walls, sure, and some pieces of equipment specific to the maple trade, but it seemed to fall well short of "museum" status.So, the "museum" (and the restroom) is downstairs. Upstairs, you have the shop, which will sell you all things maple - from souvenirs to gelato to drinks. Neither of us had ever had real maple syrup before, so we were eager to sample the true maple wares. We stood in the long line snaking around the store in order to get a couple of gelatos and cookies (because we had to have a decent sampling, right?) before escaping the crush of people upstairs to snag a small, dirty table downstairs.I'm sure this is my Americanized-palate speaking, but I wasn't a fan of the gelato. I'm glad I only got one scoop. It wasn't that it wasn't very sweet (which I was okay with, to be honest). No, to me, at least, there was an off-taste that I wasn't fond of. I didn't want to say anything to my husband, because I didn't want to complain about something that I had been so gung-ho about, but he asked me what I thought, and I wasn't about to lie to him.He actually agreed, which makes me think that it IS the fact that we're used to the fake stuff that threw us. We didn't eat the cookies at that point - we were both full from lunch and the gelato - but we did eat them later that day, and again, that off-flavor that neither of us can put our finger on was present in the cookies, as well.So, is it fair to give such a low rating based on my dislike of the food? Maybe not, but let me also say this: the employees were not friendly that day. Yes, they were busy, but I don't think that gives servers free reign to be flat-out nasty to customers. Further, the downstairs "museum"/eating area had a general grunge to it that made me wonder when it was last cleaned, and the bathroom needed some real attention.It was an experience, yes, but not one that either of us wanted to repeat during our time in Montreal.
I'll admit it: I didn't want to fall for this obvious tourist trap. But I'm so glad I did. Even if you don't like maple overload, come here. It'll change your mind.A small store in Vieux Montreal, Maple Delights has absolutely all things maple, from maple oil to maple gelato and ice cream, to alcoholic maple coffee, to maple butter... essentially anything your heart desires, you can put maple in front of the word and it'll most likely be sold here. The workers here are friendly, patient, and extremely knowledgeable.One one side of the store, you can ask for countless samples of gelato. I'd recommend anything that has "maple" in it, obviously, but the coffee maple combination was my favorite. On the other side, there's a worker explaining all the different maple products the store sells. Head downstairs for a small informational but not terribly exciting tour of the history of maple syrup.Back upstairs, I ordered a small maple cappuccino. The coffee itself was standard and nothing mind-blowing, but the foam impressed me. The best part, though? The maple syrup mixed into the coffee and the maple sprinkles topping the drink. If I could come back to Canada and order this again, I definitely would. I'd also buy out the entire store while I'm at it. Give into the tourist trap. No regrets.
All things maple! Maple desserts (cookies, tarts, macarons, gelato, drinks, etc.), plus maple products including syrup (of course!), butter, dressings, and even body cream, scrubs, etc.The first thing I did was check the desserts...and we were kindly greeted by a server named Val. She quickly realized it was our first time at the store, so she showed us to a table filled with maple products. This is definitely one of those 'touristy things' that some might avoid, but my boyfriend and I enjoyed our visit. Val was very knowledgeable as she taught us about the production of maple syrup. Little did we know...maple sap is collected at different times throughout the season, which results in different colours and tastes of the syrup. We got to sample each of the four syrups they offer (for free!), and any other products we wanted to try. It was very interesting, especially the variety of products they offer. (They even make maple-flavoured cotton candy!) I walked out of there with a jar of Maple Spread and the Classic Maple Dressing. Mmm... =9I returned to the desserts and there, Val offered us a small sample of Maple Taffy on crushed ice, and I also ordered a scoop of Maple Nutella gelato. We enjoyed our treats downstairs where there is a small, but very informative museum all about maple.If you love maple (or all things sweet) and/or if you love to cook, you'll enjoy a visit to Maple Delights.
Maple overload.  Very helpful staff, gave out some samples explaining the differences between maples flavors depending on when they're collected.  There's a small "museum" downstairs if you're interested in more maple related facts.We got the maple gelato and maple grand marnier cappuccino.  The gelato wasn't all that but the cappuccino hit the spot after a day of walking around old Montreal.
A shop dedicated to maple syrup. It was a good setup. As you can expect, most, if not all, were desserts. As I hadn't eaten dinner yet, decided to get a maple latte. Was just over priced coffee where you use maple syrup instead of sugar. Thought it would have been something different, but it wasn't. Nothing special.
Got my fix of sorbet here and I must day it was good, not really what I expect from a sorbet though. Kind of.. Creamy? Almost like Gelato. But still good though. Tasted the strawberry, mango and lemon sorbet, lemon was the best!
Every time I'm in the old port, I stop here to treat myself. I'm not much of a regular ice cream or gelato eater, but I can't resist the goods here! EVERYTHING is sweetened purely with maple syrup, the most delicious and nourishing sugar a body can consume (tree blood with tree vitamins, peeps!). So, I check my guilt at the door and indulge. Many options for cones, too - including my favourite waffle cones. Last time I was in, I got the maple cookie and maple chunk gelato, and my partner got the maple and nutella mix - gotta say, I'm going for the maple nutella gelato next time! So good. The place is a tad touristy, like you'd expect in Old Montreal, but you're just there for the treats and then on your way back out to hit more cobblestone, cone in hand. Makes the gawking and browsing more special!
The service is very friendly and they have a good selection of things to taste and buy.  It is a bit overhyped in the tourist guides.  I find more tings in a proper sugar shack/house at a much reduced price...but, this is Old Montreal and many folks will not get out and go to the sugar houses while they are open. So for the good stuff, Sugar on Snow (maple syrup poured over ice) until it reached taffy like consistency is fantastic.  Maple cream (vanilla soft serve flavored with maple syrup) is also very good.  Then there is the pastries that are either made with or glazed with maple syrup.  We had several at our table and sampled them all.  Fantastic.
For gelato, I wouldn't recommend it. It seems like more of a place for maple type products for cooking, gifts and sweets. It's in the heart of Old Montreal so there's a lot of buzz and tourism all around.
I don't really care much for maple, but I'm a sucker in trying new things specially plant base. There was maple items all over the shops in this area, this store had the most offering. They also had a section where they allowed you to sample many different variety. On the ground floor there is a small seating area, and a mini museum on maple downstairs where they have more seating. I purchased a maple muffin from them, it tasted like it had been marinated in maple syrup. The servers were very friendly and knowledgable on their products.
We randomly came across maple delights when we were walking around old Montreal. I was excited to find a shop that specializes in maple because I love maple. And I was dying to try some authentic Canadian maple. We were there pretty early so they had not put up their ice cream flavors yet but an employee told me they are all made with maple sugar. They had a large display of muffins, cookies and other baked goods all dipped in maple. They also had a sample station and they let you try stuff like maple butter. We settled on buying a maple crumb muffin. It was delicious and very maple-y. I would love to go back on another trip to Montreal and try their maple ice creams.
This place was probably one of the highlights of my Canada trip. A cute little spot in Montreal, Maple Delights features some incredible products and an incredible mini tour you can have downstairs with a store employee who can take you through a maple syrup testing exercise and then lead you upstairs to browse the store.I tried one of the cookies and some of the chocolate pieces, and everything was to DIE for. I wish I could have bought 100 things, and I wanted to make time later in the week to come back for more treats but I couldn't fit it into my schedule. This place is an absolute GEM-- please, please do yourself a favor and stop by. The gelato is fantastic, as are the pastries/cookies and other small treats. Don't forget to try the frozen maple syrup sticks, and ask tons of questions while you're there!
If you are in Montreal you HAVE to stop by this adorable café. I walked into this place to get a maple latte, little did I know they have maple flavored everything in here, and I mean everything, from maple gelato to maple body scrub items. Best place to get souvenirs! I ended up leaving with my delicious latte and a bag full of maple flavored items. We were able to leave the store then we found out they have a small free maple museum downstairs, so obviously we had to check it out and get educated on all things maple. The place is pretty small and gets very crowded, but stick around because it is fun. Oh did I mention they have free maple tastings? They even sell a type of maple syrup that's illegal in the US, so pretty exciting!
So many free maple samples! This was a really fun place to visit. Everything was delicious, the staff was very friendly, and the museum downstairs was neat and educational.
Dessert before dinner? Oui Oui!I'm glad I stumbled upon this little gem before leaving Old Montreal.  They have plenty of gelato flavors to choose from. I went with the Maple syrup and nutella and it was delicious!They also sell maple syrup and other frozen desserts.There is a downstairs level that sells the same thing, with an entrance towards the pier.Free wifi and nice little seating area outside so you can chill and people watch!
I you like maple, you have to come here.  I don't think there is a maple product they don't carry!They offer maple syrup/maple product tastings which was simply delicious and a great way to let you sample the various things they sell.Of all the things we bought here, the maple butter is among my favorite.  I will be seriously sad once my jar is empty.  The maple chunks and sugar are a hit too.  I made cookies with both once we got home and the maple flavor in them is just delicious.  The chunks add a nice texture on top of pancakes and toast too.Their maple latte was also so good that we had to come back 3 times during our vacation to enjoy one.
Listen, I know this is a tourist trap, I know that. But I would willingly walk into this trap again and again for the treasures found here. Do yourself a favor and have some of the maple chunk gelato. I'm lactose intolerant and it was worth it. They will let you sample anything, so sample everything. Your only regret will be skipping this place. Everything is made from organic maple syrup and it is as if Jesus himself descended upon this store and blessed everything that you will put in your mouth. Go. Do it. Embrace your inner Canadian.
This place is the best! It made me a true maple believer. The staff is super friendly, enthusiastic and knowledgeable in everything maple. As a newbie I was able to try different types of maple syrups sold in their store. Through the taste test I discovered my new favourite thing - grand marnier maple syrup! I recommend any one visiting Montreal to check this place out. I will definitely be back!
This is a cute place full of delicious ice cream. They feature several maple flavors, and all are delicious. The staff is very knowledgeable of products, which I appreciate. I didn't believe their recommendation at first, and I insisted on tasting a few, but they were indeed right about their best maple flavored ice cream. They have strong wifi. The space is very clean with delightful decor. A great place to stop when you find yourself in Old Montreal.
If you need to pick up unique maple-inspired souvenirs, Maple Delights can help you out with that.The store does sell some maple-based cosmetics, syrups, and spice rubs, which you can sample. I passed on that experience, due to the crowds. I was expecting this place to be the end-all be-all of maple-based products.  But the first thing we encountered was a gelato counter with only 2-3 maple-inspired flavors.  I had tasted much better gelato in the area earlier in the week, so I don't think I would recommend going to Maple Delights for gelato. The pastry counter was also lacking in maple-inspired offerings, although they had a few items. If you go downstairs, there is a nice display that provides a crash course on the the history of maple syrup manufacturing. That was a nice touch.
This is maple heaven. It has maple pastries and desserts, drinks sweetened with maple, maple candy, and other maple products for sale. They gave us maple syrup on a stick to try, where they have a bottle of maple syrup, squeeze some on a bed of crushed ice, put a popsicle stick on an end of that syrup, then roll the hardened syrup onto the popsicle. They also let you sample the different maple products they sell, which they have an extensive selection of. They even have maple butter spread, maple tea, maple salad dressing, maple mustard.I had a maple cookie, maple almond croissant, and warm maple milk. I ordered too much just for myself and it was sugar overload for my first meal of the day. Everything was delicious and I finished every bite and drop despite the high sugar intake.
I get so excited prior to my Canada trip when I know I am gonna seek out items that are infused in Maple. That would mean I will consume more desserts than amazing savory on a daily basis which I know it sounds unhealthy. But I care less when I am on the go but will make sure I will be good when I get home in a month's time.Maple Delights speaks for itself, it houses maple specialties for their famed gelato range, wider range of maple candies, syrups at a reasonable tag compared to some souvenir shops along the streets of Old Montreal (comparing prices is a must prior to making any purchase). The maple candy (drops in cream hue) are going for $3.50/12s in a pack which seems to be cheaper than $2/4s at one of the stalls along Old Port which sells Maple Taffy. I heard of this gelato shop while reading reviews on Yelp Canada and bookmarked it without hesitation. I was here on yesterday (Mon) but left empty handed as all the maple flavored gelato has been completely sold out due to the weekend crowd! Need I say any further? I am convinced even without eating it.And so I made a second attempt to return today. I was told to go back at lunch time so that the gelato will be available. I did as told. I stepped into the shop to see a few sweet toothed sitting at one of the high seats, enjoying their scoops. I marched up the counter and requested for a few samples. I tried all the maple flavored gelato: Maple Delights, Maple biscuits, Maple Chunks, Maple & Cranberry. I adamantly vote for the best seller: Maple Delights. It came close to Maple Chunks except that Delights has somewhat outshine with a noticeable and mellow maple fragrant. It has a good mixture of walnut bits, very nutty and goes well with its creamier texture, extra depth to it. The Maple biscuit version comes with fine biscuit crumbs while the Maple cranberry one is less memorable as I could only find traces of cranberry flavor and it dominates the wonderful maple scent which I didn't like. I'd prefer a more identifiable maple taste for a maple gelato, that's the centerpiece, isn't it supposed to be? The staffs are very friendly and service is gracious. The only regret is I couldn't get hold of a maple macaron when I was asked to return on a Tuesday. Instead, it only arrives on Thursday. Apparently, the lady got mixed up between the word Tuesday & Thursday until her co-worker corrected her that today is a Tuesday when she kept saying a Thursday. Aw...okay, that's excusable since most natives are French speaking.Waffle cone sells at $4.00. Plain Waffle goes for $3.00 while waffle with a scoop of ice cream begs for $4.00. I had a cup with a single scoop at $2.95 and my sister opted for a regular cone, single scoop for the same price. Most  kids are chowing down a regular portion unless they are willing to swap for a mini cone for $1.60 which I doubt.Don't leave the place without going to the basement!!! Besides going to the washrooms, there's a mini maple museum that speaks the process of maple harvesting! I gained quite a good deal on that, I get to appreciate those maple even more now. There are more seats at the basement, so I encourage u to visit the museum and have a look there. Absolutely nothing to loose. Enjoy!
While we all could use a little gelato in our lives (and from Montreal, no less!), I couldn't find myself falling in love with this place as so many other gelato  aficionados profess to here. Les Delices is easy to find in Old Montreal. It's practically the first shop past the Notre Dame Basilica.  After perusing many options and samples, we opted for their signature cookie and maple syrup ice cream. It does has a nice gritty texture from the cookie, but it was just way too sweet after a few bites (felt like I was floating). I do like that this store has tours (didn't go) of how they make their products and that they have an extensive cafe and bakery included. Worth a stop ... if at the very least to great free samples. :)
Unique maple products that you can sample before you buy. Friendly staff too! I live in Nova Scotia so I've had lots of mapple syrup in my time but I've never seen these maple spreads or jellys before.
After two months in Paris, I stayed over in Montreal. I can say the Maple Macaroons here were the best I've ever had!
I really liked my mini blossom cream cupcake, and my boo like the oatmeal coconut cookie here.  They also sold some maple coffee.Overall, cute store to get some maple sweets!
My friend and I stopped by for some souvenir shopping and bought a ton of goodies. The associate originally from Boston was super nice and gave us a maple syrup tasting. The customer service was great. We left the shop realizing that we were missing two items in our bag and went back to get them. They were super nice about it and apologized for missing the two tiny items that they forgot to put in the bag. And the associate gave us extra candies!
Came with the wife to get some good local flavor dessert. We both had the ice cream (or gelato, not sure). The flavored were pretty expected but tasted very natural. They had baked goods (most we're gone as we didn't go until around 8PM) and gift packs for sale around the store. There was a downstairs area and outside seating. Would definitely go back and try some other flavors.
Maple ice cream, sweetened with Maple sugar.  My entire family love it.  Maple chunks flavor is the best!
touristy i know but they are so nice here and have a million maple products. knocked out quite a few gifts to bring home to the parents. free sample of maple taffy.
Such a great little cupcake and ice cream spot in the heart of Old Quebec.  Located right alongside the gorgeous Notre Dame (to the left precisely if you are facing the basilica) makes for a great spot to stop in for a quick treat.The cupcakes are delicious and they provide a great variety of flavors.  A good amount of options for ice cream as well.  Can't decide whether to do ice cream or cupcake??  Really, just have both, they're totally worth it!
Nice place to warm us up after walking in the cold ( though they sell ice cream). We got the maple chunk. It is sweet. The chunks are in fat sugar only. The exhit downstairs is good to learn more about the maple syrup and kill time.
had their maple green tea, maple black tea and iced maple syrup on montreal high lights festival
I'm really glad I stopped here before I left Montreal! The maple leaf cookies were excellent and all my friends love them!! Super helpful staff even if they are busy!
Gelato is good & creamy but nothing extraordinary. $3 for a tiny scoop makes this quite pricy. Go for the maple flavors as these are their specialties. The lime is tart and tangy. The raspberry is fruity and tart. Once you get your treat, head outside for some people watching and you most likely will encounter a street performer, or several as well.
After walking around Old Town in Montreal for a while without impulse buying Indian artifacts or tourist T-shirts, we stumbled into this cute maple syrup specialty shop. Everything in the store is made of or with maple syrup. I tried the maple leaves cookies after browsing around and had to pick something that is not completely sinful. It is small but packed with sweetness and I wish I had got more! They also have a small corner in the back where they offer tasting and a little education on maple syrups and other products. I had a bite of their pie and it was great too.
When you go out of your way to get something, you know it's better than good. I will go out of my way to get a cup of their Strawberry-Mint-Basil gelato. You should too.
Wow, what a crazy and amazing place! We stopped in here for a quick snack and figured you couldn't go wrong with maple syrup-based everything. We got maple syrup coffee, tea, and small desserts, which were all amazing. That alone would warrant it 4 stars, but as we were browsing the gift shop, one of the workers offered us a completely free maple syrup tasting! It was so cool and it was really neat to taste the differences between different grades of maple syrup, which is something I had seen on bottles, but never really knew what it meant. He also gave us complimentary maple taffy, which is syrup that's poured onto ice (or traditionally, snow) and wrapped around a popsicle stick to make a treat. So cool! This place was a favorite of ours and it's definitely worth a stop in if you're walking around Old Montreal!
This is a super yummy place for desert! I had a maple syrup tasting and it was scrumptious. You may purchase they delectable maple syrups in a series of flavors and they also have organic products. I liked their second to last flavor because it was dark and rich. The darkest maple they have to saved especially for baking their own goods. They have everything from gelato, tarts, chocolates, muffins, and mouses. I bought a dark chocolate maple hazelnut tart...it was absolutely delicious! They also have a mini museum downstairs that shows you how they use to collect sap and how they made maple syrup back in the day. And then it shows you how they make it today. Apparently it takes 40 saps to make very little syrup which I thought was crazy! During my taste test, I also tried a maple syrup spread. It was yummy, but I am on a budget so I didn`t wanna spend the $11. This place is definitely worth visiting while you are here in Old Montreal. Another neat thing I learned was that you can replace white sugar with maple sugar or maple syrup to give it a different but delicious taste. A beautiful little neighborhood with delicious maple syrup products and deserts. I will definitely be going again before I leave back for the states.
maple. fudge.are. you. fucking. kidding. me.sweet jesus on a biscuit.
This place gets an extra star because they have super clean public restrooms located on the lower level. Woohoo! Wandered in for a bathroom break (directed here by another shop owner) and then enjoyed taking a look at the small, one room maple museum. Upstairs the shop sells maple EVERYTHING. We tried some of the maple gelato as well as the maple macaron. Fun little store to check out.
Really great gelato. I went there a couple of times during a trip to Montreal. It was the perfect treat on a hot day. Everything is sweetened with maple syrup and you can even try maple syrup tastings at the store. Pretty awesome.
Another short impromptu stop as my mother and aunt sought gifts for friends at home would take us to Les Délices de l'Érable and with myself largely underwhelmed by the selections they found what they were looking for in a variety of maple candies and confections - the candies largely maple sugar shaped like maple leaves and the rest of the items largely forgettable save for a Maple Sable that was so bland and poorly made that it stuck out like a sore thumb for its mediocrity and stick of frozen maple sugar that was actually quite good - a sort of "Sugar Daddy" meets popsicle of maple syrup.  All things being equal this is a spot to grab souvenirs for friends and maybe a bottle of maple syrup you could get cheaper elsewhere while wandering Old Montreal but it is certainly not a destination or must visit in a city with so much better to offer.
Visited this place almost daily on my recent trip to Montreal with friends. Its located in Old Montreal on a street that's blocked off in the evening for pedestrian traffic an filled with various eateries, shops, and bars. I think everyone should check this shop out at least once! It is filled with maple deliciousness. There is ice cream, cookies, cakes, chocolates, macarons, and various other maple goodies. Ice maple latte was my morning ritual. And I fell in utter love with their fresh baked maple chocolate chip cookies (oh man... I want some now... bad idea writing this review.... craving time...)Really there's something yummy for everyone here. And unless you live in Canada good maple treats are hard to find, so take advantage!
This place is fun for kids!  I also love their maple ice cream.  There are a lot of things to look at (including an interesting museum downstairs).  Anything maple you could dream of, you can get here.  I especially love the ice creamery and bakery area.  I try to go every time I go to Montréal.
Ah, the sweet smell of maple things, the visual excellence of shelves of syrup and cases stocked with baked goods and pans of sweet gelato. The friendliness of the counter staff as they eagerly get you to sample the various flavors in the case. Mmmm Tourist mentality.In general it was a fantastic little shop to hit in Montreal while we were there. Their basement has a little museum that explains the syrup process with various pictures and stories. Their main floor as stated above is mainly for the food and gift shopping. I got the maple gelato with maple bits, sweet, simple, fantastic. The glass of milk washed it all down nicely.  Fiancee tried the passion fruit which was "tangy and incredibly refreshing, and you can quote me on that." Ok I will.  If you're in Vieux Montreal and find yourself nearby, definitely give this sweet spot a stop.
Gellato is much better than their macaroonsGreat place to stop when you are walking in Old Montreal
Was strolling along Old Montreal and ran into this quaint little shop selling maple syrup in all varieties. The sales associate was super friendly and offered us numerous samples of syrups, spreads, and jellies. He was knowledgeable about the different types of maple and how best to use all their products. Before I left, I had to also try their Maple Delight ice cream, loaded with chucks of maple sugar in each bite! Ended up leaving the place wishing I had tried their donuts covered in maple though!
Only place you'll find tire d'erable (tire sur la neige) in Montreal.  Even if they make it with ice and not snow.  It was still really amazing, and only two bucks.
Stumbled onto this place on our first day, a bit tired with the rain, when I saw the macaroons in the window.  Tried a bit of this and that and became a true junky!  There are chocolate filled crusty pastries that are to die for.  Didn't figure out until later that everything has maple.  We were only in Montreal a few days but came back and ordered more.  The gelato and macaroons are good but go for the square "shell" pastry filled with gooey chocolate if you want something really good.  SO and I want to take another trip to Montreal if only to come back here and eat some more.  Perhaps its a Quebecer plot to make us Americans more obese than we already are, but I'll take my chances.  So darn good!
This is a fun treat shop to go to. Everything is sweetened with maple syrup! It give the gelato a unique taste that reminds me of a sweet pancake breakfast. They also sell other maple syrup "enhanced" products like body lotion and liquid soap. Those didn't appeal to me as much. Go in for the treats and you will be satisfied. It's a bit touristy but it's still a genuine store with a seemingly unique flavor!
This place was so good we were here like everyday of our vacation. I loved the macarons....orange blossom :). But yea everything here is yummy and should be a major pit stop on anyone's vacation here.
We made daily stops to this place, especially in the mornings for Iced Maple Lattes. I will admit, I didn't taste the maple in my latte but that was play because the baked goods made up for it. Definitely try the cookies and the macaroons. The taste will leave you asking for more.
i freaking love this place.. they have plenty of samples... and plenty of maple stuff.. my fiancee and i shared a maple ice cream as well as a couple cookies.. we also bought a box of maple chunks since that's something we could carry on the plane..i also had a cappuccino which was sprinkled with maple sugar overall.. this is a tourist place but you got to check it out
If you like maple this is your place located in Old Montreal this place has everything maple from candies to cookies to syrup to ice cream and gelato it has it all the staff is evtremely helpful they will let you sample anything you want will also explain what each item is and how its made  plus everything is fresh if you like anything maple don't miss this place
This place is great.  After browsing for a few minutes, we received a demonstration on the different grades of maple syrup with a tasting. Of course this lead to my wife buying some.  But that's ok, this is some delicious high end maple syrup.  When we were paying, the cashier threw in a bunch of maple candies for us to taste.  They are delicious and we will be going back before we go home.
To the fine folks who keep Canada secure, my husband was clearly part of an international syndicate of syrup smugglers.  But rather than make a run for the gate, he stepped out of the security line, explained that he's just a mad-for-maple tourist who forgot about the 3-ounce rule, and checked the gigantic bottle of Les Delices syrup carefully wrapped in layers of T-shirts and nestled in his carry-on.Les Delices is in the middle of Vieux Montreal, part of the Old-Europe-type architecture that fascinates us Americans.  I know, we're suckers for even going into such a touristy spot, but Barack apparently brought Michelle a box of Les Delices cookies, so of course we had to have some.  I agree with the other reviewer that the people who work there are really nice, even for Canadians.  One girl offered samples when we were visibly overwhelmed by the choices (maple candy, cookies, wafers, syrup, etc.) and helped us choose between the endless varieties of maple-based snacks.  (Not that this is relevant, but she was also really cute; I would have totally gone back to the hotel to grab my brother were he not there with his girlfriend.)Oh, the cookies.  They're pleasant, but not terribly maple-y or anything spectacular (insert quip about Canada, if you must).  Of course, that didn't keep me from going through almost a whole box in a week.  And you know what?  Whatever's good enough for the First Lady is good enough for me.
Their ice creams with maple flavor is to die for :) I also bought a maple syrup (packed in a maple leaf bottle :) ) but yet to try it!
Maple everything... Yum!!! We had the gelato- maple chunk and also pistachio- both of which tasted a lot like maple!
Obviously VERY touristy, smack-dab in the middle of Vieux Montreal, but we loved our big, sticky, decadent croissants (maple-almond and chocolate, if I recall correctly.) They had so many maple-flavored pastries and sweets on display -- want to go back and try them all!
