We took out two cachitos, spinach and cheese. I love the spinach one, and the cheese one is also yummy.The lady there is really nice. When she heard we were first time there, she gave us a slice of the cheese cachito to taste.Unfortunately, I ate them before I realised I forgot to take pictures...BonBon ($2.25) Espresso with Condensed Milk might be one of my favourite espresso drink as dessert.I were more impressed with the espresso drinks at Cachitos than the actual "cachitos" which we ordered were both underwhelming. Spinach with ricotta and parmesan/Jamon y queso (ham and cheese).Sugar Cane Juice though was refreshing on a hot day.holy molly how cool is this placenot only the cachitos are great and make me oh so home sick for my natal venezuela but in addition to the typical ham and cheese cachitos they have a plethora of more exotic ones that are sure to pleasethe coffee is pretty fantastic toodo yourself a favor and tried the cafechitoand service is very friendly to boota little piece of venezuela in montrealMy wife and I found this place convenient to the Hyatt while on a quick holiday to Montreal. The owner greeted us as we walked in and offered a sample of a delicious hot, cheese filled bread. That set the hook. We ordered a hot ham and cheese bread and a couple BonBon cafés. The food and drinks were great and we will be back without a doubt... very tasty food and coffees.Cachitos is a great place to go for lunch. You walk in and there are a couple of tables and a glass case full of the "cachitos". The cachitos are really good, interesting, fancier hot pockets.  You have your choice of many different types, from ham and cheese, to spinach and ricotta and even dessert types. We got the ham and cheese, spinach and ricotta, a special chicken one (don't remember the name), and the home-made chorizo one. Our favorites were the ham and cheese and spinach and ricotta.  The roll-ups and all freshly made and are quite filling.  This is a unique (Venezuelan-type), cheap walk-up food place. Very interesting place to try.Yummy pretzel-like dough wrapped around filling of your choice.  We had the Bacon & Ham, and Ham & Cheese, along with mini lemon and lime tartletts.  Warm, slightly chewy, ample filling. They were still warm!  Very Satisfying breakfast!  Bought five more to take home with us.Wow! I had the Ham and Cheese cachito (literally straight out of the oven), a passionfruit tartlet and a dulce de leche cupcake.....so good! The Cachito was soft, crunchy and sweet and the filling was delicious. I'll be back tomorrow to try the chorizo!The owner and the other guy working their were super helpful and sweet even though I couldn't speak french!These things are delicious. We came both days that we were in Montreal during our last stay. There's quite a few different flavours, and they are in the $3-4 range. I think one per person is good for bfast. We shared a few different types and all were good. Tastes kind of like a cross between a croissant and a pretzel I'd say. Staff is friendly. Accepts creditnot gonna lie, I was a bit skeptical about the rave reviews -- place doesn't really look like anything spectacular -- but I was hungry, and though I'm on a tight budget I really don't want to eat in freakin' McDonald's in Montreal, so I decided to give it a try, and was not at all disappointed.as others have said, when I came in the guy manning the counter asked if I'd had cachitos before, and when I said no he offered me a sample of the basic cheese one (delicious).  I got the lunch combo -- two cachitos, soup or salad, drink for something like 10.24 -- with ham & cheese and chorizo & cheese, and couldn't even finish (not for lack of trying, but those things are FILLING); one (under $4) would probably be enough for breakfast or a smallish lunch.  I'm only in town for a few more days and may come back for breakfast or to try one of the sweet ones.  super nice people, super delicious, convenient, cheap -- what's not to love?So delicious. And very friendly service. Had the salmon, and ham and cheese. My son was blown away... "Whoa, do they make these in the US?" Maybe Cachitos will expand across the border.Delicious, easy to get to and inexpensive? Where do I sign up?!?  I wish I found this place earlier in my visit to Montréal.  I highly recommend the Ham & Cheese or the Chorizo cachitos.  Meat, cheese stuffed in a soft bread is my kind of meal.  If you enjoy a slight sweet taste, the Guava & cheese cachito is the way to go.  You will not be disappointed.A tasty variety of cachitos.  They are inexpensive and tasty but you might have to eat more than one if you don't want to be hungry after. Many of them were hot and for a flavor that was sold out, they were happy to make a new batch and they were ready in 15 minutes.I wasn't sure what to expect but went there anyway since it had such good reviews. It's a small family business and the cachitos are all freshly baked. The food was delicious and well worth the price. Very friendly staff (we got free drinks!).I wish we had this in Toronto! Came here for a quick breakfast on two days out of our four day trip to Montreal. Staff was friendly and cachitos were freshly made. Smoothies were good too!First of all let me say that this was one of the most pleasant surprises of Montreal. The store itself is quaint and run by very friendly staff. The staff were helpful and eager to let us try samples before buying. The food itself is all homemade and each different cachito is delicious. The drinks are also refreshing and scrumptious. Definitely a must have when visiting Montreal. Love it!Cachitos is fabulous!! As soon as you enter in the place, you get to smell freshly baked bread. It smells even better than in all the other bakeries. Then, the super friendly staff will explain you what is a cachito - a sort of baguette filled with cheese, or meat, etc. So much better than anything I could have expected. Perhaps because it was late and the afternoon and I was very hungry, but it was really one of the most delicious thing I've got to eat in my life. And by the way, their coffee is awesome!! ;)great choriqueso, lime tarts and limonade made with sugar cane, the owner and staff are super friendly too!My trip to Montreal may have ended and I am no longer in the area, but fond memories of my brunch at Cachitos keep playing over and over again in my head.  They have excellent customer service, welcoming you and offering a sample as soon as you walk through the door, enticing you to order.  I ordered the Combo that comes with 2 cachitos (I chose beef and the Spinach-Ricotta), a lentil soup and a beverage.  Everything was really good.  The lentil soup will literally warm you from the inside out.  I really liked the Spinach-Ricotta cachito, but the beef one was a bit dry.   You definitely need the mayo sauce they give you on the side for dipping.  The above fed two of us and we were quite happy-full.   With an extra order of a caffe and a bite-sized dulce de leche cupcake, our bill rang us up to only $13 for all of this deliciousness!  Seating is limited, so you may have to have a backup plan to take out in case all the tables and chairs are filled.Cachitos are delicious sandwhich-like snacks! Although small compared to what I expected, they are great for tasting various flavors in one sitting. The salmon as well as their cheese cachitos are simply delicious.I believe the staff is partly composed of family members and they were not only very informative about their unique product, but they also were a delight to talk to. I would highly recommend you give this place a try, especially since, as far as I know, there is no other place to get Cachitos in Montreal!though the concept is fairly new for me...cachitos was a pleasant experience...we went there on consecutive days during our montreal visit...sugar cane lemonade...and the coffee...were to die for...very friendly staff...the best part is they do not cook them in bulk and store it for display...at any time u can find a max of three cachitos of a kind...you have to wait for 10 mins to get a fresh batch and its totally worth the wait...they have close 10 different varietals on the offer including the savory and sweet kind...hot melting cheese with meat/veggies on the inside  inside with the soft bread and a nice bake crunch on the outside.We took out two cachitos, spinach and cheese. I love the spinach one, and the cheese one is also yummy.The lady there is really nice. When she heard we were first time there, she gave us a slice of the cheese cachito to taste.Unfortunately, I ate them before I realised I forgot to take pictures...BonBon ($2.25) Espresso with Condensed Milk might be one of my favourite espresso drink as dessert.I were more impressed with the espresso drinks at Cachitos than the actual "cachitos" which we ordered were both underwhelming. Spinach with ricotta and parmesan/Jamon y queso (ham and cheese).Sugar Cane Juice though was refreshing on a hot day.holy molly how cool is this placenot only the cachitos are great and make me oh so home sick for my natal venezuela but in addition to the typical ham and cheese cachitos they have a plethora of more exotic ones that are sure to pleasethe coffee is pretty fantastic toodo yourself a favor and tried the cafechitoand service is very friendly to boota little piece of venezuela in montrealMy wife and I found this place convenient to the Hyatt while on a quick holiday to Montreal. The owner greeted us as we walked in and offered a sample of a delicious hot, cheese filled bread. That set the hook. We ordered a hot ham and cheese bread and a couple BonBon cafés. The food and drinks were great and we will be back without a doubt... very tasty food and coffees.Cachitos is a great place to go for lunch. You walk in and there are a couple of tables and a glass case full of the "cachitos". The cachitos are really good, interesting, fancier hot pockets.  You have your choice of many different types, from ham and cheese, to spinach and ricotta and even dessert types. We got the ham and cheese, spinach and ricotta, a special chicken one (don't remember the name), and the home-made chorizo one. Our favorites were the ham and cheese and spinach and ricotta.  The roll-ups and all freshly made and are quite filling.  This is a unique (Venezuelan-type), cheap walk-up food place. Very interesting place to try.Yummy pretzel-like dough wrapped around filling of your choice.  We had the Bacon & Ham, and Ham & Cheese, along with mini lemon and lime tartletts.  Warm, slightly chewy, ample filling. They were still warm!  Very Satisfying breakfast!  Bought five more to take home with us.Wow! I had the Ham and Cheese cachito (literally straight out of the oven), a passionfruit tartlet and a dulce de leche cupcake.....so good! The Cachito was soft, crunchy and sweet and the filling was delicious. I'll be back tomorrow to try the chorizo!The owner and the other guy working their were super helpful and sweet even though I couldn't speak french!These things are delicious. We came both days that we were in Montreal during our last stay. There's quite a few different flavours, and they are in the $3-4 range. I think one per person is good for bfast. We shared a few different types and all were good. Tastes kind of like a cross between a croissant and a pretzel I'd say. Staff is friendly. Accepts creditnot gonna lie, I was a bit skeptical about the rave reviews -- place doesn't really look like anything spectacular -- but I was hungry, and though I'm on a tight budget I really don't want to eat in freakin' McDonald's in Montreal, so I decided to give it a try, and was not at all disappointed.as others have said, when I came in the guy manning the counter asked if I'd had cachitos before, and when I said no he offered me a sample of the basic cheese one (delicious).  I got the lunch combo -- two cachitos, soup or salad, drink for something like 10.24 -- with ham & cheese and chorizo & cheese, and couldn't even finish (not for lack of trying, but those things are FILLING); one (under $4) would probably be enough for breakfast or a smallish lunch.  I'm only in town for a few more days and may come back for breakfast or to try one of the sweet ones.  super nice people, super delicious, convenient, cheap -- what's not to love?So delicious. And very friendly service. Had the salmon, and ham and cheese. My son was blown away... "Whoa, do they make these in the US?" Maybe Cachitos will expand across the border.Delicious, easy to get to and inexpensive? Where do I sign up?!?  I wish I found this place earlier in my visit to Montréal.  I highly recommend the Ham & Cheese or the Chorizo cachitos.  Meat, cheese stuffed in a soft bread is my kind of meal.  If you enjoy a slight sweet taste, the Guava & cheese cachito is the way to go.  You will not be disappointed.A tasty variety of cachitos.  They are inexpensive and tasty but you might have to eat more than one if you don't want to be hungry after. Many of them were hot and for a flavor that was sold out, they were happy to make a new batch and they were ready in 15 minutes.I wasn't sure what to expect but went there anyway since it had such good reviews. It's a small family business and the cachitos are all freshly baked. The food was delicious and well worth the price. Very friendly staff (we got free drinks!).I wish we had this in Toronto! Came here for a quick breakfast on two days out of our four day trip to Montreal. Staff was friendly and cachitos were freshly made. Smoothies were good too!First of all let me say that this was one of the most pleasant surprises of Montreal. The store itself is quaint and run by very friendly staff. The staff were helpful and eager to let us try samples before buying. The food itself is all homemade and each different cachito is delicious. The drinks are also refreshing and scrumptious. Definitely a must have when visiting Montreal. Love it!Cachitos is fabulous!! As soon as you enter in the place, you get to smell freshly baked bread. It smells even better than in all the other bakeries. Then, the super friendly staff will explain you what is a cachito - a sort of baguette filled with cheese, or meat, etc. So much better than anything I could have expected. Perhaps because it was late and the afternoon and I was very hungry, but it was really one of the most delicious thing I've got to eat in my life. And by the way, their coffee is awesome!! ;)great choriqueso, lime tarts and limonade made with sugar cane, the owner and staff are super friendly too!My trip to Montreal may have ended and I am no longer in the area, but fond memories of my brunch at Cachitos keep playing over and over again in my head.  They have excellent customer service, welcoming you and offering a sample as soon as you walk through the door, enticing you to order.  I ordered the Combo that comes with 2 cachitos (I chose beef and the Spinach-Ricotta), a lentil soup and a beverage.  Everything was really good.  The lentil soup will literally warm you from the inside out.  I really liked the Spinach-Ricotta cachito, but the beef one was a bit dry.   You definitely need the mayo sauce they give you on the side for dipping.  The above fed two of us and we were quite happy-full.   With an extra order of a caffe and a bite-sized dulce de leche cupcake, our bill rang us up to only $13 for all of this deliciousness!  Seating is limited, so you may have to have a backup plan to take out in case all the tables and chairs are filled.Cachitos are delicious sandwhich-like snacks! Although small compared to what I expected, they are great for tasting various flavors in one sitting. The salmon as well as their cheese cachitos are simply delicious.I believe the staff is partly composed of family members and they were not only very informative about their unique product, but they also were a delight to talk to. I would highly recommend you give this place a try, especially since, as far as I know, there is no other place to get Cachitos in Montreal!though the concept is fairly new for me...cachitos was a pleasant experience...we went there on consecutive days during our montreal visit...sugar cane lemonade...and the coffee...were to die for...very friendly staff...the best part is they do not cook them in bulk and store it for display...at any time u can find a max of three cachitos of a kind...you have to wait for 10 mins to get a fresh batch and its totally worth the wait...they have close 10 different varietals on the offer including the savory and sweet kind...hot melting cheese with meat/veggies on the inside  inside with the soft bread and a nice bake crunch on the outside.