This place has it figured out! As the name implies, each dish runs for $5, with options to upgrade to larger, more spectacular meals.  They keep the portions small to make this possible, and by piling on their tasty matchstick fries. That said, I mostly return so often because you can get good, but not excellent, food for cheap.  Their sausage and mac & cheese is great, but slightly underseasoned and very tricky to eat.  You might have the best luck ordering a few different things to share.  They have tons of options, and they're very vegetarian-friendly. Found this place by accident and it turned out to be one of the best meals we had on our recent trip to Montreal.  We weren't exactly hungry and so a place that sold food for $5 sounded about perfect.  We were seated quickly, and luckly, we had been there before the lunch rush from the college crowd nearby. The menu was a bunch of cards held together by a ring, like the side/beverage/dessert menus you'd see at the end of the table for some restaurants.  The plate coasters were record disks.  Our party of three ordered a mint, cucumber, ginger-ale mojito; a Mount-Royal sangria with blueberries.  I am sure I have the names wrong.  Just go by the descriptions.  For food, we ordered the hot dog with mac-n-cheese -because, obviously, mac-n-cheese- the grilled salmon, and the farfalle pasta salad. The drinks were mediocre, to be honest.  They were good, but sweet and lacking in alcohol.  No, they costed more than $5.  The Cinko name didn't apply to drinks, at least not ours. The farfalle salad was, depending on your taste, either about perfectly dressed, or too sour.  The mac-n-cheese was not as cheesy as I expected -but for 5 dollars, what do you want? At least it didn't look like a blob of culinary concrete chunks.  The hot dog that the the macaroni sat over was excellent.  The sausage was good.  Earthy, meaty, but not as spiced as one might expect.  The bread, the same kind of baguette that was cold and hard the night before, was warm, chewy, and homogenous, hiding a layer of mayo-dressed purple cabbage.  So harmonial.  The crust was not the hard shell that ruined it for me the night before.  It made me understand why the French would bake this bread.  The side that came with was poutine.  I probably should've gone with the salad.  The other choice is plain, old, regular, boring, fries.  Comm'on, I'm in Montreal! If I had the choice, I'm going to have poutine! Well, it was a little saltier than the poutine I had the night before.  Yes, I had two dinners.  Vacation efficiency = food/time. The salmon was by far the best dish.  It tasted fresh, flaky, and like salmon.  The pesto rice was reportedly good.  The side, which is vegetables if I remember right, is how vegetables should be served.  No one wants plain steamed vegetables.  No one.  That is boring, tasteless, and wasteful, because no one enjoys it, and the wonderful flavors have not been released.  Julienne it, dressed with some herbs, some vinegar, and I wish I had ordered the salmon instead. Service was responsive.  Our waiter was attentive to the fact that we didn't speak French or understand the dual-tax on the receipt.  And winked a lot. Long overdue review!!Went there because I was on a budget,  and wanted to go on a date .  So i yelped a cheap spot and Cinko came up! Why not try it? Okay so there was a line up, and it was raining, not fun to be waiting in line for what seemed an eternity , but it was only 15mns.  I guess on a Saturday afternoon that's not long at all! The place it self is quite small, but I didn't expect much for a 5$ din din.  We sat in the back very close to a nice couple.  mind you the place is very small.   The menu had different things which is really good for indecisive people like me! I thought everything was 5$ but the more you add things  the price will either go up to a 1$-4$.  Cool thing is that they had free refills on fountain drinks! That's a total plus in my books.  I ordered a Burger Surf and Turf (beef patty and I believe 2 Panko fried shrimps) 5$  with a side salad instead of fries , my boyfriend had Burger classique with a poutine instead of fries which came to 7. 50$ , his fountain drink was 3$.  It took forever to get our food, but since im a chatterbox I was able to use my talent to kill time! The waitress was nice, and gave us our refills fast enough.  The food tasted good nothing to go crazy about but it was good and the atmosphere was chill.  The place mats are old vinyls I dig it!Since I never order desert I decided to go for the fried hazelnut chocolate donuts.  I don't recall the exact name.  Ohhhhh it tasted like heaven! There was a mint mousse which  I wasn't too fond of it.   Total was about 25$ Yes this place is a must go if you are on a budget and just wanna go to a decent place with an inviting atmosphere! I suggest ordering 2 things if you have a big appetite as the portions are small. I will definitely  go back!I must say I'm not a fan of crowded restaurants with loud music, however, this place is packed with university students.  The service is okay, nothing to complain about or to compliment.  The food is probably the best thing about this place, I really liked my tacos and the burger was good.  The price is another great thing about this place, if you're on a budget and not a big drinker, then you should like their $5 dollar menu.  Overall, it was an okay experience, but I probably won't go there on Friday night again due to the long waiting lines. Good hip hop music, Biggie on the walls, and quality food that's cheaper than a McDonald's ! We had sweet potato poutine, surf and turf burger, fish tacos, and grilled chicken breast with two side salads all for less than 25 dollars! Each meal can come out to either $5, $7, or $9 depending on the size of the portion and additional toppings.  The place was a great spot to enjoy good music and cheap bites. Food was amazing.  Service was fantastic.  The bartender was super friendly.  The DJ was really good.  The hostess was efficient.  I enjoyed myself.  The atmosphere is energetic.  GREAT place. Excelent value for money.  Great service, good food and nice ambiance. We ordered a hamburger, a salad and, a tempura.  We liked all three dishes. The food took a while but they warned us as we sitted that the kitchen was slow. Love the concept here.  I love trying a bit of everything so small $5 portions is perfect for me.  The portions are large enough that 1-2 of anything will fill you and a small dessert shared with friends is the best way to end it off.  On a side note: The wait staff here is extremely attractive.  I would come again just to see that eye candy. Wanted to give this place a 3. 5 (if rating just the food), but the service was great and they have really nice decor as well, so I rounded up.  At five dollars an entree (hence the name), this place is a steal, and definitely a good option when looking for good but cheap food. I had the Portuguese chicken, which came with a side of either salad or fries.  It was pretty good, and beautifully presented, but the bottom of my chicken was kind of charred ):I also had the bread pudding which was pretty tasty.  I've never had bread pudding before, so I can't compare but I thought the bread pudding was a bit hard.  Still, the sauce was good.  Will probably come back to check out their other selections!The sausage with macaroni was delicious.    The flavors were perfect with the cabbage.    I enjoyed the poutine and will have to come back to try more.    The atmosphere was fantastic and an awesome place to beAttn all tourists: Flock here for reasonable food at reasonable prices. It's like the $5. 00 store for food, and the food is decent. Walking in the snow like a Whitewalker from the Game of Thrones I came across this place and decided to try it just to get out of the cold weather. They serve their meals on a coaster that's actually ahold LP record, and they have a good selection of $5. 00 items. Like the American I am, I had a bacon cheeseburger, and a side of their poutine fries. All were decent and good. Gosh I am so full and so blissfully spaced out now after all the good food and drinks, and phunky music I wanna just rate this and attach my comments from my InstagramI went to this place with my friends for the first time.   Very good environment with TV's and music.  Styled place for a late night restaurant.  Their foods are very tasty, specially the salad.  I ordered salad & Poulet Portugaise.  The portion is too small (but only 5$ each plat).  You have to order 2~3 orders with a drink for a personal if you are really hungry.  So the bill can easily go up over 20$ if you add some extra stuffs.  I have to say the real price is $$I suggest this place for after bar since they open until 4 AM if you are looking for snacks. Also they don't have takeout.  Better order one at time to make sure no waste. This place needs to exist in every city in the world.  $5 Canadian for everything, which in US dollars is like free.  Add on a bit more depending on what you want (ie fries make the meals $6, add something else makes it $7 etc) but we filled up for real cheap.  Quality food.  Sandwiches are pre made so they said they can't take special requests but your standards shouldn't be that high as a human being anyway. Great food for 5$ especially when compared to the McDonald's and Subway close by. I visited twice in under 24h.  The first time, it was Monday evening, at like 9:45.  The place was packed but we were seated real fast.  We had a braised beef poutine, a classic burger, and a red curry soup. The braised beef poutine was tasty, but it didn't contain much beef.  I was told today that we could add more beef for 2$ extra. The classic burger contained good flavors.  I could clearly taste the garlicky sauce, the homemade ketchup, the bacon, the american cheese.  But the patty.  It was burnt and dry as hell.  It literally had a thick crust of cremated beef on the outside and dried out mince on the inside. . . . like really really 'well done', except 'well done' beef = no good beef.  Now, for all you food police out there, don't hate: beef is supposed to be eaten medium rare.  You only eat your steak well done when the meat is not fresh. Anyway, the red curry was very average.  Nothing particular, you can probably invest that 5$ elsewhere. . .  like on a cinko hot dog hahahaa. . . .  So I just had the cinko hotdog today and well. . .  it was good for the price.  It's basically an average tasting hot italian sausage on ciabatta bread, with a scoop of mac n cheese spread all over the plate.  Oh, and there was raw beetroot on the bread.  Eating it was a mess so if you're there on a date, AVOID AT ALL COST!! Otherwise, pig out like no one's watching (everyone's prolly too damn drunk to notice anyway).  I also happened to have tried the braised beef pappardelle.  In one word: salty.  Granted the portion was relatively small, but the density of salt in that little pot of pasta was too damn high.  I wouldn't take it again. Hope this review helped you indecisive eaters choose :PI dropped by Cinko last night with my husband and a friend of ours.  The restaurant was jampacked and on the noisy side, with music playing so loud it was difficult to hold a meaningful conversation; definitely more a bar atmosphere than a restaurant. The food at Cinko is cheap; as the name hints it, all the food items on the menu are $5 each.  Furthermore, it's possible add extras (cheese or jalapeño for example) to your plate for $1 to $2 more a piece.  May it be noted that there are several vegetarian options on the menu, so that's definitely a plus for veg people out there. The food itself was very decent; not the most amazing food I've ever tasted but certainly good, especially for the price.  On the noteworthy side, Cinko uses vintage records place mats, quite a unique use of these artifacts! The decor was original too; lots of black and white seemingly hand-drawn patterns and art on the walls, a design which can also be found on the bathroom sinks and even on the toilets themselves!The main part of the Cinko experience I find regrettable is the loud music and the lack of space.  Perhaps the formula of cramming as many people as possible in a locale and cranking up the volume works well in some bars to get the alcohol flowing, but it's not so nice when you are hoping to eat a meal and catch your breath. I don't know if I will ever be back.  I wish good fortune to the owners nonetheless.  They have an interesting business in their hands and good waiters. I went here attracted by the rumour that all their dishes are served at 5$!!! With the atmosphere of the place, i was not disappointed.  Not sure what the theme is but its funky, hip, and cool! With the menu, it is true that their dishes are offered for 5$, however usually portion isnt that big.  Well, its adequate for 5$! You can choose add ons and that will augment the price.  They also have all you can drink fountain drinks for 3$ i believe.  The drinks are NOT 5$ however.  I didn't order any drinks so i cannot comment on that.  I ordered the tacos (pretty good, has rice in it, unusual but pleasant flavour), the sweet potato poutine (SO GOOD, hope the size could be a bit bigger tho), and salmon salad (this was the miss of today's order.  Although salad was fresh and dressing was ok, salmon was way way way too salty.  So unless you reaaaally like eating salty, i would not recommend it. ) Service was quick and pretty good.  Overall, pleasant experience, i want to try l'entrepot next time to see which place i prefer, but I prob will come back to try their burgers next time!I really liked this place.   Very wide choice of food to eat.   I thought the portions would be really small and would have to order at least 2 dishes and I was wrong.   1 dish per person is really enough. J'ai beaucoup aimé cet endroit.   Très grand choix menu.   Je croyais que les portions seraient petites et que je devrais commander au moins 2 plats mais non.   1 plat par personne est suffisant. 5$ per plate for a restaurant located on Saint-Denis? I'm sold. Cinko is located in the heart of the Quartier latin on a street usually buzzing with events and festivals, but the reason it attracts such a large clientele is mainly because it's cheap.  I went on a warm summer evening and managed to get seated quickly although the restaurant was full when I arrived.  The decor was fancier than what I expected and had a slightly edgy and creative vibe.  It would be ideal for a younger crowd. I had two of the most popular items on the menu: the watermelon salad  and the chicken with the sweet potato poutine.  The salad had too much seasoning but the chicken and poutine were well cooked.  The portions were big for the price and after one entree and one main, I didn't feel hungry enough for a desert even though the offers were very tempting. Overall, I would go again if I ever find myself in the neighborhood. We tried this place again, this time on a Wednesday around 8:30 when the kitchen was still open.  We were seated right away, but it looked like we got lucky because the place filled up pretty quickly afterwards.  We were seated upstairs, where the kitchen is.  The restaurant goes a lot deeper than it looks, and I was impressed how they set up the place.  It was a little crowded, but they managed to make it work.  All the dishes are $5 but you have the choice of adding extras.  I got the fried chickpea salad with a side of naan bread ($1. 50 extra).  Just be aware that the portions are really small.  So if you're really hungry, it's probably not the best place to go.  The salad was great, but the size of it was not worth $5.  The naan bread was slightly burnt.  The drinks were better.  I got the Sweet Ginger and the Republic.  The Sweet Ginger was amazing, but not strong.  I ended up spending around $30 including tips so the $ is deceiving. This place has it figured out! As the name implies, each dish runs for $5, with options to upgrade to larger, more spectacular meals.  They keep the portions small to make this possible, and by piling on their tasty matchstick fries. That said, I mostly return so often because you can get good, but not excellent, food for cheap.  Their sausage and mac & cheese is great, but slightly underseasoned and very tricky to eat.  You might have the best luck ordering a few different things to share.  They have tons of options, and they're very vegetarian-friendly. Found this place by accident and it turned out to be one of the best meals we had on our recent trip to Montreal.  We weren't exactly hungry and so a place that sold food for $5 sounded about perfect.  We were seated quickly, and luckly, we had been there before the lunch rush from the college crowd nearby. The menu was a bunch of cards held together by a ring, like the side/beverage/dessert menus you'd see at the end of the table for some restaurants.  The plate coasters were record disks.  Our party of three ordered a mint, cucumber, ginger-ale mojito; a Mount-Royal sangria with blueberries.  I am sure I have the names wrong.  Just go by the descriptions.  For food, we ordered the hot dog with mac-n-cheese -because, obviously, mac-n-cheese- the grilled salmon, and the farfalle pasta salad. The drinks were mediocre, to be honest.  They were good, but sweet and lacking in alcohol.  No, they costed more than $5.  The Cinko name didn't apply to drinks, at least not ours. The farfalle salad was, depending on your taste, either about perfectly dressed, or too sour.  The mac-n-cheese was not as cheesy as I expected -but for 5 dollars, what do you want? At least it didn't look like a blob of culinary concrete chunks.  The hot dog that the the macaroni sat over was excellent.  The sausage was good.  Earthy, meaty, but not as spiced as one might expect.  The bread, the same kind of baguette that was cold and hard the night before, was warm, chewy, and homogenous, hiding a layer of mayo-dressed purple cabbage.  So harmonial.  The crust was not the hard shell that ruined it for me the night before.  It made me understand why the French would bake this bread.  The side that came with was poutine.  I probably should've gone with the salad.  The other choice is plain, old, regular, boring, fries.  Comm'on, I'm in Montreal! If I had the choice, I'm going to have poutine! Well, it was a little saltier than the poutine I had the night before.  Yes, I had two dinners.  Vacation efficiency = food/time. The salmon was by far the best dish.  It tasted fresh, flaky, and like salmon.  The pesto rice was reportedly good.  The side, which is vegetables if I remember right, is how vegetables should be served.  No one wants plain steamed vegetables.  No one.  That is boring, tasteless, and wasteful, because no one enjoys it, and the wonderful flavors have not been released.  Julienne it, dressed with some herbs, some vinegar, and I wish I had ordered the salmon instead. Service was responsive.  Our waiter was attentive to the fact that we didn't speak French or understand the dual-tax on the receipt.  And winked a lot. Long overdue review!!Went there because I was on a budget,  and wanted to go on a date .  So i yelped a cheap spot and Cinko came up! Why not try it? Okay so there was a line up, and it was raining, not fun to be waiting in line for what seemed an eternity , but it was only 15mns.  I guess on a Saturday afternoon that's not long at all! The place it self is quite small, but I didn't expect much for a 5$ din din.  We sat in the back very close to a nice couple.  mind you the place is very small.   The menu had different things which is really good for indecisive people like me! I thought everything was 5$ but the more you add things  the price will either go up to a 1$-4$.  Cool thing is that they had free refills on fountain drinks! That's a total plus in my books.  I ordered a Burger Surf and Turf (beef patty and I believe 2 Panko fried shrimps) 5$  with a side salad instead of fries , my boyfriend had Burger classique with a poutine instead of fries which came to 7. 50$ , his fountain drink was 3$.  It took forever to get our food, but since im a chatterbox I was able to use my talent to kill time! The waitress was nice, and gave us our refills fast enough.  The food tasted good nothing to go crazy about but it was good and the atmosphere was chill.  The place mats are old vinyls I dig it!Since I never order desert I decided to go for the fried hazelnut chocolate donuts.  I don't recall the exact name.  Ohhhhh it tasted like heaven! There was a mint mousse which  I wasn't too fond of it.   Total was about 25$ Yes this place is a must go if you are on a budget and just wanna go to a decent place with an inviting atmosphere! I suggest ordering 2 things if you have a big appetite as the portions are small. I will definitely  go back!I must say I'm not a fan of crowded restaurants with loud music, however, this place is packed with university students.  The service is okay, nothing to complain about or to compliment.  The food is probably the best thing about this place, I really liked my tacos and the burger was good.  The price is another great thing about this place, if you're on a budget and not a big drinker, then you should like their $5 dollar menu.  Overall, it was an okay experience, but I probably won't go there on Friday night again due to the long waiting lines. Good hip hop music, Biggie on the walls, and quality food that's cheaper than a McDonald's ! We had sweet potato poutine, surf and turf burger, fish tacos, and grilled chicken breast with two side salads all for less than 25 dollars! Each meal can come out to either $5, $7, or $9 depending on the size of the portion and additional toppings.  The place was a great spot to enjoy good music and cheap bites. Food was amazing.  Service was fantastic.  The bartender was super friendly.  The DJ was really good.  The hostess was efficient.  I enjoyed myself.  The atmosphere is energetic.  GREAT place. Excelent value for money.  Great service, good food and nice ambiance. We ordered a hamburger, a salad and, a tempura.  We liked all three dishes. The food took a while but they warned us as we sitted that the kitchen was slow. Love the concept here.  I love trying a bit of everything so small $5 portions is perfect for me.  The portions are large enough that 1-2 of anything will fill you and a small dessert shared with friends is the best way to end it off.  On a side note: The wait staff here is extremely attractive.  I would come again just to see that eye candy. Wanted to give this place a 3. 5 (if rating just the food), but the service was great and they have really nice decor as well, so I rounded up.  At five dollars an entree (hence the name), this place is a steal, and definitely a good option when looking for good but cheap food. I had the Portuguese chicken, which came with a side of either salad or fries.  It was pretty good, and beautifully presented, but the bottom of my chicken was kind of charred ):I also had the bread pudding which was pretty tasty.  I've never had bread pudding before, so I can't compare but I thought the bread pudding was a bit hard.  Still, the sauce was good.  Will probably come back to check out their other selections!The sausage with macaroni was delicious.    The flavors were perfect with the cabbage.    I enjoyed the poutine and will have to come back to try more.    The atmosphere was fantastic and an awesome place to beAttn all tourists: Flock here for reasonable food at reasonable prices. It's like the $5. 00 store for food, and the food is decent. Walking in the snow like a Whitewalker from the Game of Thrones I came across this place and decided to try it just to get out of the cold weather. They serve their meals on a coaster that's actually ahold LP record, and they have a good selection of $5. 00 items. Like the American I am, I had a bacon cheeseburger, and a side of their poutine fries. All were decent and good. Gosh I am so full and so blissfully spaced out now after all the good food and drinks, and phunky music I wanna just rate this and attach my comments from my InstagramI went to this place with my friends for the first time.   Very good environment with TV's and music.  Styled place for a late night restaurant.  Their foods are very tasty, specially the salad.  I ordered salad & Poulet Portugaise.  The portion is too small (but only 5$ each plat).  You have to order 2~3 orders with a drink for a personal if you are really hungry.  So the bill can easily go up over 20$ if you add some extra stuffs.  I have to say the real price is $$I suggest this place for after bar since they open until 4 AM if you are looking for snacks. Also they don't have takeout.  Better order one at time to make sure no waste. This place needs to exist in every city in the world.  $5 Canadian for everything, which in US dollars is like free.  Add on a bit more depending on what you want (ie fries make the meals $6, add something else makes it $7 etc) but we filled up for real cheap.  Quality food.  Sandwiches are pre made so they said they can't take special requests but your standards shouldn't be that high as a human being anyway. Great food for 5$ especially when compared to the McDonald's and Subway close by. I visited twice in under 24h.  The first time, it was Monday evening, at like 9:45.  The place was packed but we were seated real fast.  We had a braised beef poutine, a classic burger, and a red curry soup. The braised beef poutine was tasty, but it didn't contain much beef.  I was told today that we could add more beef for 2$ extra. The classic burger contained good flavors.  I could clearly taste the garlicky sauce, the homemade ketchup, the bacon, the american cheese.  But the patty.  It was burnt and dry as hell.  It literally had a thick crust of cremated beef on the outside and dried out mince on the inside. . . . like really really 'well done', except 'well done' beef = no good beef.  Now, for all you food police out there, don't hate: beef is supposed to be eaten medium rare.  You only eat your steak well done when the meat is not fresh. Anyway, the red curry was very average.  Nothing particular, you can probably invest that 5$ elsewhere. . .  like on a cinko hot dog hahahaa. . . .  So I just had the cinko hotdog today and well. . .  it was good for the price.  It's basically an average tasting hot italian sausage on ciabatta bread, with a scoop of mac n cheese spread all over the plate.  Oh, and there was raw beetroot on the bread.  Eating it was a mess so if you're there on a date, AVOID AT ALL COST!! Otherwise, pig out like no one's watching (everyone's prolly too damn drunk to notice anyway).  I also happened to have tried the braised beef pappardelle.  In one word: salty.  Granted the portion was relatively small, but the density of salt in that little pot of pasta was too damn high.  I wouldn't take it again. Hope this review helped you indecisive eaters choose :PI dropped by Cinko last night with my husband and a friend of ours.  The restaurant was jampacked and on the noisy side, with music playing so loud it was difficult to hold a meaningful conversation; definitely more a bar atmosphere than a restaurant. The food at Cinko is cheap; as the name hints it, all the food items on the menu are $5 each.  Furthermore, it's possible add extras (cheese or jalapeño for example) to your plate for $1 to $2 more a piece.  May it be noted that there are several vegetarian options on the menu, so that's definitely a plus for veg people out there. The food itself was very decent; not the most amazing food I've ever tasted but certainly good, especially for the price.  On the noteworthy side, Cinko uses vintage records place mats, quite a unique use of these artifacts! The decor was original too; lots of black and white seemingly hand-drawn patterns and art on the walls, a design which can also be found on the bathroom sinks and even on the toilets themselves!The main part of the Cinko experience I find regrettable is the loud music and the lack of space.  Perhaps the formula of cramming as many people as possible in a locale and cranking up the volume works well in some bars to get the alcohol flowing, but it's not so nice when you are hoping to eat a meal and catch your breath. I don't know if I will ever be back.  I wish good fortune to the owners nonetheless.  They have an interesting business in their hands and good waiters. I went here attracted by the rumour that all their dishes are served at 5$!!! With the atmosphere of the place, i was not disappointed.  Not sure what the theme is but its funky, hip, and cool! With the menu, it is true that their dishes are offered for 5$, however usually portion isnt that big.  Well, its adequate for 5$! You can choose add ons and that will augment the price.  They also have all you can drink fountain drinks for 3$ i believe.  The drinks are NOT 5$ however.  I didn't order any drinks so i cannot comment on that.  I ordered the tacos (pretty good, has rice in it, unusual but pleasant flavour), the sweet potato poutine (SO GOOD, hope the size could be a bit bigger tho), and salmon salad (this was the miss of today's order.  Although salad was fresh and dressing was ok, salmon was way way way too salty.  So unless you reaaaally like eating salty, i would not recommend it. ) Service was quick and pretty good.  Overall, pleasant experience, i want to try l'entrepot next time to see which place i prefer, but I prob will come back to try their burgers next time!I really liked this place.   Very wide choice of food to eat.   I thought the portions would be really small and would have to order at least 2 dishes and I was wrong.   1 dish per person is really enough. J'ai beaucoup aimé cet endroit.   Très grand choix menu.   Je croyais que les portions seraient petites et que je devrais commander au moins 2 plats mais non.   1 plat par personne est suffisant. 5$ per plate for a restaurant located on Saint-Denis? I'm sold. Cinko is located in the heart of the Quartier latin on a street usually buzzing with events and festivals, but the reason it attracts such a large clientele is mainly because it's cheap.  I went on a warm summer evening and managed to get seated quickly although the restaurant was full when I arrived.  The decor was fancier than what I expected and had a slightly edgy and creative vibe.  It would be ideal for a younger crowd. I had two of the most popular items on the menu: the watermelon salad  and the chicken with the sweet potato poutine.  The salad had too much seasoning but the chicken and poutine were well cooked.  The portions were big for the price and after one entree and one main, I didn't feel hungry enough for a desert even though the offers were very tempting. Overall, I would go again if I ever find myself in the neighborhood. We tried this place again, this time on a Wednesday around 8:30 when the kitchen was still open.  We were seated right away, but it looked like we got lucky because the place filled up pretty quickly afterwards.  We were seated upstairs, where the kitchen is.  The restaurant goes a lot deeper than it looks, and I was impressed how they set up the place.  It was a little crowded, but they managed to make it work.  All the dishes are $5 but you have the choice of adding extras.  I got the fried chickpea salad with a side of naan bread ($1. 50 extra).  Just be aware that the portions are really small.  So if you're really hungry, it's probably not the best place to go.  The salad was great, but the size of it was not worth $5.  The naan bread was slightly burnt.  The drinks were better.  I got the Sweet Ginger and the Republic.  The Sweet Ginger was amazing, but not strong.  I ended up spending around $30 including tips so the $ is deceiving. This place has it figured out! As the name implies, each dish runs for $5, with options to upgrade to larger, more spectacular meals.  They keep the portions small to make this possible, and by piling on their tasty matchstick fries. That said, I mostly return so often because you can get good, but not excellent, food for cheap.  Their sausage and mac & cheese is great, but slightly underseasoned and very tricky to eat.  You might have the best luck ordering a few different things to share.  They have tons of options, and they're very vegetarian-friendly. Found this place by accident and it turned out to be one of the best meals we had on our recent trip to Montreal.  We weren't exactly hungry and so a place that sold food for $5 sounded about perfect.  We were seated quickly, and luckly, we had been there before the lunch rush from the college crowd nearby. The menu was a bunch of cards held together by a ring, like the side/beverage/dessert menus you'd see at the end of the table for some restaurants.  The plate coasters were record disks.  Our party of three ordered a mint, cucumber, ginger-ale mojito; a Mount-Royal sangria with blueberries.  I am sure I have the names wrong.  Just go by the descriptions.  For food, we ordered the hot dog with mac-n-cheese -because, obviously, mac-n-cheese- the grilled salmon, and the farfalle pasta salad. The drinks were mediocre, to be honest.  They were good, but sweet and lacking in alcohol.  No, they costed more than $5.  The Cinko name didn't apply to drinks, at least not ours. The farfalle salad was, depending on your taste, either about perfectly dressed, or too sour.  The mac-n-cheese was not as cheesy as I expected -but for 5 dollars, what do you want? At least it didn't look like a blob of culinary concrete chunks.  The hot dog that the the macaroni sat over was excellent.  The sausage was good.  Earthy, meaty, but not as spiced as one might expect.  The bread, the same kind of baguette that was cold and hard the night before, was warm, chewy, and homogenous, hiding a layer of mayo-dressed purple cabbage.  So harmonial.  The crust was not the hard shell that ruined it for me the night before.  It made me understand why the French would bake this bread.  The side that came with was poutine.  I probably should've gone with the salad.  The other choice is plain, old, regular, boring, fries.  Comm'on, I'm in Montreal! If I had the choice, I'm going to have poutine! Well, it was a little saltier than the poutine I had the night before.  Yes, I had two dinners.  Vacation efficiency = food/time. The salmon was by far the best dish.  It tasted fresh, flaky, and like salmon.  The pesto rice was reportedly good.  The side, which is vegetables if I remember right, is how vegetables should be served.  No one wants plain steamed vegetables.  No one.  That is boring, tasteless, and wasteful, because no one enjoys it, and the wonderful flavors have not been released.  Julienne it, dressed with some herbs, some vinegar, and I wish I had ordered the salmon instead. Service was responsive.  Our waiter was attentive to the fact that we didn't speak French or understand the dual-tax on the receipt.  And winked a lot. Long overdue review!!Went there because I was on a budget,  and wanted to go on a date .  So i yelped a cheap spot and Cinko came up! Why not try it? Okay so there was a line up, and it was raining, not fun to be waiting in line for what seemed an eternity , but it was only 15mns.  I guess on a Saturday afternoon that's not long at all! The place it self is quite small, but I didn't expect much for a 5$ din din.  We sat in the back very close to a nice couple.  mind you the place is very small.   The menu had different things which is really good for indecisive people like me! I thought everything was 5$ but the more you add things  the price will either go up to a 1$-4$.  Cool thing is that they had free refills on fountain drinks! That's a total plus in my books.  I ordered a Burger Surf and Turf (beef patty and I believe 2 Panko fried shrimps) 5$  with a side salad instead of fries , my boyfriend had Burger classique with a poutine instead of fries which came to 7. 50$ , his fountain drink was 3$.  It took forever to get our food, but since im a chatterbox I was able to use my talent to kill time! The waitress was nice, and gave us our refills fast enough.  The food tasted good nothing to go crazy about but it was good and the atmosphere was chill.  The place mats are old vinyls I dig it!Since I never order desert I decided to go for the fried hazelnut chocolate donuts.  I don't recall the exact name.  Ohhhhh it tasted like heaven! There was a mint mousse which  I wasn't too fond of it.   Total was about 25$ Yes this place is a must go if you are on a budget and just wanna go to a decent place with an inviting atmosphere! I suggest ordering 2 things if you have a big appetite as the portions are small. I will definitely  go back!I must say I'm not a fan of crowded restaurants with loud music, however, this place is packed with university students.  The service is okay, nothing to complain about or to compliment.  The food is probably the best thing about this place, I really liked my tacos and the burger was good.  The price is another great thing about this place, if you're on a budget and not a big drinker, then you should like their $5 dollar menu.  Overall, it was an okay experience, but I probably won't go there on Friday night again due to the long waiting lines. Good hip hop music, Biggie on the walls, and quality food that's cheaper than a McDonald's ! We had sweet potato poutine, surf and turf burger, fish tacos, and grilled chicken breast with two side salads all for less than 25 dollars! Each meal can come out to either $5, $7, or $9 depending on the size of the portion and additional toppings.  The place was a great spot to enjoy good music and cheap bites. Food was amazing.  Service was fantastic.  The bartender was super friendly.  The DJ was really good.  The hostess was efficient.  I enjoyed myself.  The atmosphere is energetic.  GREAT place. Excelent value for money.  Great service, good food and nice ambiance. We ordered a hamburger, a salad and, a tempura.  We liked all three dishes. The food took a while but they warned us as we sitted that the kitchen was slow. Love the concept here.  I love trying a bit of everything so small $5 portions is perfect for me.  The portions are large enough that 1-2 of anything will fill you and a small dessert shared with friends is the best way to end it off.  On a side note: The wait staff here is extremely attractive.  I would come again just to see that eye candy. Wanted to give this place a 3. 5 (if rating just the food), but the service was great and they have really nice decor as well, so I rounded up.  At five dollars an entree (hence the name), this place is a steal, and definitely a good option when looking for good but cheap food. I had the Portuguese chicken, which came with a side of either salad or fries.  It was pretty good, and beautifully presented, but the bottom of my chicken was kind of charred ):I also had the bread pudding which was pretty tasty.  I've never had bread pudding before, so I can't compare but I thought the bread pudding was a bit hard.  Still, the sauce was good.  Will probably come back to check out their other selections!The sausage with macaroni was delicious.    The flavors were perfect with the cabbage.    I enjoyed the poutine and will have to come back to try more.    The atmosphere was fantastic and an awesome place to beAttn all tourists: Flock here for reasonable food at reasonable prices. It's like the $5. 00 store for food, and the food is decent. Walking in the snow like a Whitewalker from the Game of Thrones I came across this place and decided to try it just to get out of the cold weather. They serve their meals on a coaster that's actually ahold LP record, and they have a good selection of $5. 00 items. Like the American I am, I had a bacon cheeseburger, and a side of their poutine fries. All were decent and good. Gosh I am so full and so blissfully spaced out now after all the good food and drinks, and phunky music I wanna just rate this and attach my comments from my InstagramI went to this place with my friends for the first time.   Very good environment with TV's and music.  Styled place for a late night restaurant.  Their foods are very tasty, specially the salad.  I ordered salad & Poulet Portugaise.  The portion is too small (but only 5$ each plat).  You have to order 2~3 orders with a drink for a personal if you are really hungry.  So the bill can easily go up over 20$ if you add some extra stuffs.  I have to say the real price is $$I suggest this place for after bar since they open until 4 AM if you are looking for snacks. Also they don't have takeout.  Better order one at time to make sure no waste. This place needs to exist in every city in the world.  $5 Canadian for everything, which in US dollars is like free.  Add on a bit more depending on what you want (ie fries make the meals $6, add something else makes it $7 etc) but we filled up for real cheap.  Quality food.  Sandwiches are pre made so they said they can't take special requests but your standards shouldn't be that high as a human being anyway. Great food for 5$ especially when compared to the McDonald's and Subway close by. I visited twice in under 24h.  The first time, it was Monday evening, at like 9:45.  The place was packed but we were seated real fast.  We had a braised beef poutine, a classic burger, and a red curry soup. The braised beef poutine was tasty, but it didn't contain much beef.  I was told today that we could add more beef for 2$ extra. The classic burger contained good flavors.  I could clearly taste the garlicky sauce, the homemade ketchup, the bacon, the american cheese.  But the patty.  It was burnt and dry as hell.  It literally had a thick crust of cremated beef on the outside and dried out mince on the inside. . . . like really really 'well done', except 'well done' beef = no good beef.  Now, for all you food police out there, don't hate: beef is supposed to be eaten medium rare.  You only eat your steak well done when the meat is not fresh. Anyway, the red curry was very average.  Nothing particular, you can probably invest that 5$ elsewhere. . .  like on a cinko hot dog hahahaa. . . .  So I just had the cinko hotdog today and well. . .  it was good for the price.  It's basically an average tasting hot italian sausage on ciabatta bread, with a scoop of mac n cheese spread all over the plate.  Oh, and there was raw beetroot on the bread.  Eating it was a mess so if you're there on a date, AVOID AT ALL COST!! Otherwise, pig out like no one's watching (everyone's prolly too damn drunk to notice anyway).  I also happened to have tried the braised beef pappardelle.  In one word: salty.  Granted the portion was relatively small, but the density of salt in that little pot of pasta was too damn high.  I wouldn't take it again. Hope this review helped you indecisive eaters choose :PI dropped by Cinko last night with my husband and a friend of ours.  The restaurant was jampacked and on the noisy side, with music playing so loud it was difficult to hold a meaningful conversation; definitely more a bar atmosphere than a restaurant. The food at Cinko is cheap; as the name hints it, all the food items on the menu are $5 each.  Furthermore, it's possible add extras (cheese or jalapeño for example) to your plate for $1 to $2 more a piece.  May it be noted that there are several vegetarian options on the menu, so that's definitely a plus for veg people out there. The food itself was very decent; not the most amazing food I've ever tasted but certainly good, especially for the price.  On the noteworthy side, Cinko uses vintage records place mats, quite a unique use of these artifacts! The decor was original too; lots of black and white seemingly hand-drawn patterns and art on the walls, a design which can also be found on the bathroom sinks and even on the toilets themselves!The main part of the Cinko experience I find regrettable is the loud music and the lack of space.  Perhaps the formula of cramming as many people as possible in a locale and cranking up the volume works well in some bars to get the alcohol flowing, but it's not so nice when you are hoping to eat a meal and catch your breath. I don't know if I will ever be back.  I wish good fortune to the owners nonetheless.  They have an interesting business in their hands and good waiters. I went here attracted by the rumour that all their dishes are served at 5$!!! With the atmosphere of the place, i was not disappointed.  Not sure what the theme is but its funky, hip, and cool! With the menu, it is true that their dishes are offered for 5$, however usually portion isnt that big.  Well, its adequate for 5$! You can choose add ons and that will augment the price.  They also have all you can drink fountain drinks for 3$ i believe.  The drinks are NOT 5$ however.  I didn't order any drinks so i cannot comment on that.  I ordered the tacos (pretty good, has rice in it, unusual but pleasant flavour), the sweet potato poutine (SO GOOD, hope the size could be a bit bigger tho), and salmon salad (this was the miss of today's order.  Although salad was fresh and dressing was ok, salmon was way way way too salty.  So unless you reaaaally like eating salty, i would not recommend it. ) Service was quick and pretty good.  Overall, pleasant experience, i want to try l'entrepot next time to see which place i prefer, but I prob will come back to try their burgers next time!I really liked this place.   Very wide choice of food to eat.   I thought the portions would be really small and would have to order at least 2 dishes and I was wrong.   1 dish per person is really enough. J'ai beaucoup aimé cet endroit.   Très grand choix menu.   Je croyais que les portions seraient petites et que je devrais commander au moins 2 plats mais non.   1 plat par personne est suffisant. 5$ per plate for a restaurant located on Saint-Denis? I'm sold. Cinko is located in the heart of the Quartier latin on a street usually buzzing with events and festivals, but the reason it attracts such a large clientele is mainly because it's cheap.  I went on a warm summer evening and managed to get seated quickly although the restaurant was full when I arrived.  The decor was fancier than what I expected and had a slightly edgy and creative vibe.  It would be ideal for a younger crowd. I had two of the most popular items on the menu: the watermelon salad  and the chicken with the sweet potato poutine.  The salad had too much seasoning but the chicken and poutine were well cooked.  The portions were big for the price and after one entree and one main, I didn't feel hungry enough for a desert even though the offers were very tempting. Overall, I would go again if I ever find myself in the neighborhood. We tried this place again, this time on a Wednesday around 8:30 when the kitchen was still open.  We were seated right away, but it looked like we got lucky because the place filled up pretty quickly afterwards.  We were seated upstairs, where the kitchen is.  The restaurant goes a lot deeper than it looks, and I was impressed how they set up the place.  It was a little crowded, but they managed to make it work.  All the dishes are $5 but you have the choice of adding extras.  I got the fried chickpea salad with a side of naan bread ($1. 50 extra).  Just be aware that the portions are really small.  So if you're really hungry, it's probably not the best place to go.  The salad was great, but the size of it was not worth $5.  The naan bread was slightly burnt.  The drinks were better.  I got the Sweet Ginger and the Republic.  The Sweet Ginger was amazing, but not strong.  I ended up spending around $30 including tips so the $ is deceiving. 