I had an incredible experience here.  We got seated in just a few minutes despite the place being full.  We got to sit in an amazing little den where you sit cross legged and have pillows and small tables.  So much fun.  They also have plenty of regular seating if you prefer. I ordered a chicken appetizer, some plates that had 10 items each so you could try a lot of things, and a butter chicken and naan, and mango lassis.  It was THE BEST Indian food I've ever had. . . and I've been to quite a few places! The flavours got better with each bite.  I was in absolute heaven. The service was great.  Quick friendly no mistakes. Will definitely  return here next time I'm in Montreal. delicious and welcoming.  we ordered samosas to start and meat thali as a main course.  coming from a central jersey Indian food fanatic, I must say that the samosas here were among the best I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  meat thali was satisfying as there was a nice variety of food all separated on the metal plate (lentils, tandoori chicken, curried vegetable, biryani, naan, butter chicken, and papadum).  aromatic, delicious.  very nice ambience and very good food especially for the price! 10/10 would come back. This was excellent North Indian.  I had the Thali, or sampler platter.  Everything on it was good and it was a good value for $11 Canadian.  The dal makni in particular was nice, and if I had a complaint it was that the rice was a little dry.  I had hot chai, which was a little thin and bland.  The rasmali was excellent.  The restaurant is located downtown and parking even on a Thursday night was a little sporty.  They don't take credit cards for less than $20, which is reasonable but a little inconvenient for business travelers dining alone -- I should have doubled done on dessert!Ate here while in town for work with 5 colleagues.  This place was CRAZY busy the whole time we were there, I am so glad we had reservations!  The service was spotty - hectic, forgetful and sort of harried, but they were friendly, apologetic and efficient too.  The food was outstanding.  We shared all our items with each other and I was simultaneously happy with what I ordered and also wishing I had what everyone else had.  Weirdly at the end of the meal the server said we could not get desert as they needed the table to seat someone else for dinner, and splitting the check threw them off big time.  But, even with all that, it was a fun experience, and I'd go back. Some of the best Indian food I've had, with no post-grease queasiness to pay for the experience!The Thali plate (naan, rice, lettuce, and a few dishes to try) is great value at $12 - the tandori chicken was spot on for tenderness and flavor, as was the anonymous meat curry that came with it.  The lamb madras was also delish, but the portion is MUCH smaller for the same price as the Thali plate, without naan or rice.  The decor is also adorable, and it's a super cute experience to eat cross legged on their cushions and carpet! Overall, would return readily, but probably just order the Thali plate for maximum value. This was a great surprise located in walking distance from our hotel.  The area looks a little bit questionable at night, but we had no issues.  During the daytime it is actually quite charming.  This is a tiny restaurant but we were able to be seated quickly.  They seem to do excellent take out business as well.  There are several areas of floor seating as well which is nice.  We had a table.  Service was friendly and quick.  The curries come out in small pails which was a little strange, but actually worked well.  The prices are for the dish, but does not include rice or bread.  Keep this in mind when ordering.  The large rice was approximately $4.  The curries were mostly around $10+.  Many people went for the thali platter, which looked excellent.  Everything we ordered was absolutely excellent.  Highly recommended if you are looking for a great meal at a good price. On the road in Montreal,  if you want to let off some heat, this is the place to be.  Food is good but they are not kidding when they warn you that the dishes are spicy, they are fiery hot.  Recommend a cool down with Lassi, an Indian yogurt drink. The portions are microscopic,  which is why I awarded them 4 stars. I went to Montreal for work on the last week of July.  I stumbled upon this place since I was in the mood for Indian cuisine.  The food was delectable and amazing! Everyone that works there is great, they are all very service oriented and gave us great recommendations on dishes.  What an absolute gem of Indian food, and don't expect to pay too much either.  Will definitely return next time I am in town.  ThanksUpdate: Curry Mahal is WAY better in basically every way.  Definitely recommend that over this one.  Better food.  Easier.  Friendly. ---Wow.  Rudest service EVER!!!So, I'm in town visiting and ordered from these guys two times this week already by text.  (2nd time two items out of six in the order were wrong, and one was missing. )Tried ordering a third time.  Text them the order.  30 mins later, no reply - text again to see if they got it.  By the time an hour passes, still no reply, so I call in.  The lady can't find my order.  So I give it to her again.  She asks for the address, which I give her.  And asks for the postal code.  I don't know the postal code because I'm just renting this place a couple weeks, and tell her this.  She seemed irritated right off the bat to have to talk to me at all - like, sorry that giving you business is an inconvenience for you (?!).  She tells me it's impossible to place an order without the postal code.  I point out it's been fine two other times, it hasn't been a problem before, and I don't know it.  It's on a major street, very near to them - not even like its obscure or anything.  She virtually YELLS at me that it's IMPOSSIBLE to place an order without it and HANGS UP on me. Floored.  She went from mildly irritated to right off the deep end in about 3 minutes.  I wouldn't even order from them if I could, now, cause based on that complete psycho overreaction, I'm confident they'd spit in the food or worse if they were even mildly annoyed with you. Good Indian food, they maintain they authenticity of Indian culture the way they have decorated there place and they way serve food.  There shikanji is awesome. The last time I had a traditional Indian dinner it was home cooked and made with love by my lovely coworker.  This enlarged my expectations of restaurants serving up Indian food 10 fold.  And well Darbar is currently at the top of that list.  The food is to die for! Both my friends and I each got a platter with a different kind of meat, of which I could not tell you my favourite.  The butter chicken is always a good go too, as well as the aloo gobi and Darbar serves up the best naan bread I've ever experienced.  The Mango 'yogurt' drink is also a fabulous option if your looking for something a bit sweet. The host was more than helpful and kind.  Not only did she sit with us to explain the menu but always made sure we were enjoying dinner (and we definitely were).  We even ate cross legged under lit lanterns.  How fun is that! I can finally cross that off my bucket list. I will be coming back and bringing everyone I know!Fairly priced, authentically decorated and very inviting.  This was the first restaurant I ever tried Indian food at and I have to say that it has been hard to find anything that matches it since then.  This was my second time here and it did not disappoint.  This family-owned restaurant is a pleasure to eat at.  I took my mom who was visiting Montreal and is normally picky when it comes to Indian food and she  adored it.  The food was delicious and the owner is a real pleasure to talk to.  He answered all my questions about the food and even showed me the oven where sheek kebab is prepared and gave me a little to try!Great price, great food and fabulous patio on a hot summers night.  Highly recommended!I was solo-traveling through Montreal and decided to drop by this place, while the restaurant was packed they placed me in the bar area, where customers usually didn't sit but I was thoroughly amused.  I got to see all the action of the waitresses and waiters, and the chatter and busy buzzing of the place was what made it fun.  I saw some people sit on the floor to eat so that was pretty cool! All in all for the price, my Thali plate was excellent and the service was attentive. had Sunday dinner with friends.  make sure you reserve, its a tiny restaurant with bunch of Indian food fans. tons of choice in menu with good explanation, Thali (taste-all plate) good deal, careful service as if we were their family member, dark mysterious atmosphere, and of course, delicious food!my lamb yogurt curry was soooo good.  definitely going back soon, to try that extremely low table with sitting down on the floor next time?:)When it comes to Indian food, I've basically tried it all.  Last night was my first time at Darbar and it certainly won't be my last! I had butter chicken and lamb vindaloo with garlic naan bread and rice - it was honestly a life changing experience.  I woke up this morning still thinking of the creamy taste and smooth texture of the butter chicken! The service here was also incredible - our table was constantly taken care of by 3 waitresses and even the chef! By far the friendliest, tastiest and best overall food experience I have had in Montreal - and that's saying a lot because I visit every summer.  My only concern was the heat inside the restaurant - my family and I are definitely heat sensitive but when mentioned, the staff moved us to the terrace instantly.  Final verdict: I would eat here every day if I lived in Montreal. Glad to have found this Indian place during our home food craving in our 2 month vacation.  We left satisfied.  Good food and service. Food - Delish. Service - Excellent. Atmosphere - Pleasant.  Nice that it didn't get too loud even thought the place was quite full. Will definitely be going back. Interesting that reading the reviews most (all?) of the negative ones seem to have been getting take out.  (We dined in. ) So it may be that you should avoid that route here.  But that is a guess. We decided to try this place after seeing rave reviews on Yelp.   It was about a 10 minute walk from our hotel, so we went ahead and made reservations.   As we got to the restaurant, we saw two women standing outside with menus - maybe there to invite people in.   We were seated promptly.   The restaurant is small but nicely set up.   Loved the cozy ambiance.   This place is family run as I could see the owner's mom is Indian clothes taking the check to other customers, while speaking fluent French. The owner took our order.  I wish I was hungrier as I wanted to try several things on the menu.   But my husband and I ordered one dish each. - Papad to start with. - Chole Bhatura  (this is listed as Chef's specialty): I have eaten this dish at many restaurants, including in India, so I know what good chola/bhatura (chickpea/fried bread) tastes like.   The chickpea was cooked perfectly.   Most restaurants don't boil the chickpea enough, leaving it hard.   This was perfectly cooked and the spices were blended in to perfection.   The Bhatura was not the huge fried bread that you see at most restaurants (see the picture I posted).   I wanted to go back to this restaurant during our trip to eat this again.  Yes - it's that good. - My husband got Chicken Tikka Masala and cleaned out his plate.  The chicken was tender and tasted as good as it does in India. We were too full to try any dessert, but I wanted some tea.   But since I was pregnant, I wanted something non-caffeinated.  The owner recommended trying their Ginger Tea which is made fresh in the kitchen.  The tea has a blend of ginger, orange peel, lemon peel, anise, bay leaves, and cinnamon.  There is no milk in the tea.   OMG - the tea was sooo good!!! I am craving that tea as I sit at my office desk right now. This restaurant has excellent service, and great food.   A must try if you are looking for Indian food during your stay in Montreal. We were in the mood for a good meal and this place satisfied our needs.  The staff is very friendly, it is a small place so I suggest making a reservation and if ever you have questions about the menu or need a suggestion ask your waiter.  Their advice is gold.  We had onion fritters as an appetizer and we had the thali one with butter chicken and the other with lamb madras, a suggestion from our waiter, it was amazing.  If you do not really eat Indian food the thali is the way to go.  You get a bit of everything on a plate to taste and see.  Plus price wise it was really affordable way under what we were expecting.  Will be going back for sure. I had an incredible experience here.  We got seated in just a few minutes despite the place being full.  We got to sit in an amazing little den where you sit cross legged and have pillows and small tables.  So much fun.  They also have plenty of regular seating if you prefer. I ordered a chicken appetizer, some plates that had 10 items each so you could try a lot of things, and a butter chicken and naan, and mango lassis.  It was THE BEST Indian food I've ever had. . . and I've been to quite a few places! The flavours got better with each bite.  I was in absolute heaven. The service was great.  Quick friendly no mistakes. Will definitely  return here next time I'm in Montreal. delicious and welcoming.  we ordered samosas to start and meat thali as a main course.  coming from a central jersey Indian food fanatic, I must say that the samosas here were among the best I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  meat thali was satisfying as there was a nice variety of food all separated on the metal plate (lentils, tandoori chicken, curried vegetable, biryani, naan, butter chicken, and papadum).  aromatic, delicious.  very nice ambience and very good food especially for the price! 10/10 would come back. This was excellent North Indian.  I had the Thali, or sampler platter.  Everything on it was good and it was a good value for $11 Canadian.  The dal makni in particular was nice, and if I had a complaint it was that the rice was a little dry.  I had hot chai, which was a little thin and bland.  The rasmali was excellent.  The restaurant is located downtown and parking even on a Thursday night was a little sporty.  They don't take credit cards for less than $20, which is reasonable but a little inconvenient for business travelers dining alone -- I should have doubled done on dessert!Ate here while in town for work with 5 colleagues.  This place was CRAZY busy the whole time we were there, I am so glad we had reservations!  The service was spotty - hectic, forgetful and sort of harried, but they were friendly, apologetic and efficient too.  The food was outstanding.  We shared all our items with each other and I was simultaneously happy with what I ordered and also wishing I had what everyone else had.  Weirdly at the end of the meal the server said we could not get desert as they needed the table to seat someone else for dinner, and splitting the check threw them off big time.  But, even with all that, it was a fun experience, and I'd go back. Some of the best Indian food I've had, with no post-grease queasiness to pay for the experience!The Thali plate (naan, rice, lettuce, and a few dishes to try) is great value at $12 - the tandori chicken was spot on for tenderness and flavor, as was the anonymous meat curry that came with it.  The lamb madras was also delish, but the portion is MUCH smaller for the same price as the Thali plate, without naan or rice.  The decor is also adorable, and it's a super cute experience to eat cross legged on their cushions and carpet! Overall, would return readily, but probably just order the Thali plate for maximum value. This was a great surprise located in walking distance from our hotel.  The area looks a little bit questionable at night, but we had no issues.  During the daytime it is actually quite charming.  This is a tiny restaurant but we were able to be seated quickly.  They seem to do excellent take out business as well.  There are several areas of floor seating as well which is nice.  We had a table.  Service was friendly and quick.  The curries come out in small pails which was a little strange, but actually worked well.  The prices are for the dish, but does not include rice or bread.  Keep this in mind when ordering.  The large rice was approximately $4.  The curries were mostly around $10+.  Many people went for the thali platter, which looked excellent.  Everything we ordered was absolutely excellent.  Highly recommended if you are looking for a great meal at a good price. On the road in Montreal,  if you want to let off some heat, this is the place to be.  Food is good but they are not kidding when they warn you that the dishes are spicy, they are fiery hot.  Recommend a cool down with Lassi, an Indian yogurt drink. The portions are microscopic,  which is why I awarded them 4 stars. I went to Montreal for work on the last week of July.  I stumbled upon this place since I was in the mood for Indian cuisine.  The food was delectable and amazing! Everyone that works there is great, they are all very service oriented and gave us great recommendations on dishes.  What an absolute gem of Indian food, and don't expect to pay too much either.  Will definitely return next time I am in town.  ThanksUpdate: Curry Mahal is WAY better in basically every way.  Definitely recommend that over this one.  Better food.  Easier.  Friendly. ---Wow.  Rudest service EVER!!!So, I'm in town visiting and ordered from these guys two times this week already by text.  (2nd time two items out of six in the order were wrong, and one was missing. )Tried ordering a third time.  Text them the order.  30 mins later, no reply - text again to see if they got it.  By the time an hour passes, still no reply, so I call in.  The lady can't find my order.  So I give it to her again.  She asks for the address, which I give her.  And asks for the postal code.  I don't know the postal code because I'm just renting this place a couple weeks, and tell her this.  She seemed irritated right off the bat to have to talk to me at all - like, sorry that giving you business is an inconvenience for you (?!).  She tells me it's impossible to place an order without the postal code.  I point out it's been fine two other times, it hasn't been a problem before, and I don't know it.  It's on a major street, very near to them - not even like its obscure or anything.  She virtually YELLS at me that it's IMPOSSIBLE to place an order without it and HANGS UP on me. Floored.  She went from mildly irritated to right off the deep end in about 3 minutes.  I wouldn't even order from them if I could, now, cause based on that complete psycho overreaction, I'm confident they'd spit in the food or worse if they were even mildly annoyed with you. Good Indian food, they maintain they authenticity of Indian culture the way they have decorated there place and they way serve food.  There shikanji is awesome. The last time I had a traditional Indian dinner it was home cooked and made with love by my lovely coworker.  This enlarged my expectations of restaurants serving up Indian food 10 fold.  And well Darbar is currently at the top of that list.  The food is to die for! Both my friends and I each got a platter with a different kind of meat, of which I could not tell you my favourite.  The butter chicken is always a good go too, as well as the aloo gobi and Darbar serves up the best naan bread I've ever experienced.  The Mango 'yogurt' drink is also a fabulous option if your looking for something a bit sweet. The host was more than helpful and kind.  Not only did she sit with us to explain the menu but always made sure we were enjoying dinner (and we definitely were).  We even ate cross legged under lit lanterns.  How fun is that! I can finally cross that off my bucket list. I will be coming back and bringing everyone I know!Fairly priced, authentically decorated and very inviting.  This was the first restaurant I ever tried Indian food at and I have to say that it has been hard to find anything that matches it since then.  This was my second time here and it did not disappoint.  This family-owned restaurant is a pleasure to eat at.  I took my mom who was visiting Montreal and is normally picky when it comes to Indian food and she  adored it.  The food was delicious and the owner is a real pleasure to talk to.  He answered all my questions about the food and even showed me the oven where sheek kebab is prepared and gave me a little to try!Great price, great food and fabulous patio on a hot summers night.  Highly recommended!I was solo-traveling through Montreal and decided to drop by this place, while the restaurant was packed they placed me in the bar area, where customers usually didn't sit but I was thoroughly amused.  I got to see all the action of the waitresses and waiters, and the chatter and busy buzzing of the place was what made it fun.  I saw some people sit on the floor to eat so that was pretty cool! All in all for the price, my Thali plate was excellent and the service was attentive. had Sunday dinner with friends.  make sure you reserve, its a tiny restaurant with bunch of Indian food fans. tons of choice in menu with good explanation, Thali (taste-all plate) good deal, careful service as if we were their family member, dark mysterious atmosphere, and of course, delicious food!my lamb yogurt curry was soooo good.  definitely going back soon, to try that extremely low table with sitting down on the floor next time?:)When it comes to Indian food, I've basically tried it all.  Last night was my first time at Darbar and it certainly won't be my last! I had butter chicken and lamb vindaloo with garlic naan bread and rice - it was honestly a life changing experience.  I woke up this morning still thinking of the creamy taste and smooth texture of the butter chicken! The service here was also incredible - our table was constantly taken care of by 3 waitresses and even the chef! By far the friendliest, tastiest and best overall food experience I have had in Montreal - and that's saying a lot because I visit every summer.  My only concern was the heat inside the restaurant - my family and I are definitely heat sensitive but when mentioned, the staff moved us to the terrace instantly.  Final verdict: I would eat here every day if I lived in Montreal. Glad to have found this Indian place during our home food craving in our 2 month vacation.  We left satisfied.  Good food and service. Food - Delish. Service - Excellent. Atmosphere - Pleasant.  Nice that it didn't get too loud even thought the place was quite full. Will definitely be going back. Interesting that reading the reviews most (all?) of the negative ones seem to have been getting take out.  (We dined in. ) So it may be that you should avoid that route here.  But that is a guess. We decided to try this place after seeing rave reviews on Yelp.   It was about a 10 minute walk from our hotel, so we went ahead and made reservations.   As we got to the restaurant, we saw two women standing outside with menus - maybe there to invite people in.   We were seated promptly.   The restaurant is small but nicely set up.   Loved the cozy ambiance.   This place is family run as I could see the owner's mom is Indian clothes taking the check to other customers, while speaking fluent French. The owner took our order.  I wish I was hungrier as I wanted to try several things on the menu.   But my husband and I ordered one dish each. - Papad to start with. - Chole Bhatura  (this is listed as Chef's specialty): I have eaten this dish at many restaurants, including in India, so I know what good chola/bhatura (chickpea/fried bread) tastes like.   The chickpea was cooked perfectly.   Most restaurants don't boil the chickpea enough, leaving it hard.   This was perfectly cooked and the spices were blended in to perfection.   The Bhatura was not the huge fried bread that you see at most restaurants (see the picture I posted).   I wanted to go back to this restaurant during our trip to eat this again.  Yes - it's that good. - My husband got Chicken Tikka Masala and cleaned out his plate.  The chicken was tender and tasted as good as it does in India. We were too full to try any dessert, but I wanted some tea.   But since I was pregnant, I wanted something non-caffeinated.  The owner recommended trying their Ginger Tea which is made fresh in the kitchen.  The tea has a blend of ginger, orange peel, lemon peel, anise, bay leaves, and cinnamon.  There is no milk in the tea.   OMG - the tea was sooo good!!! I am craving that tea as I sit at my office desk right now. This restaurant has excellent service, and great food.   A must try if you are looking for Indian food during your stay in Montreal. We were in the mood for a good meal and this place satisfied our needs.  The staff is very friendly, it is a small place so I suggest making a reservation and if ever you have questions about the menu or need a suggestion ask your waiter.  Their advice is gold.  We had onion fritters as an appetizer and we had the thali one with butter chicken and the other with lamb madras, a suggestion from our waiter, it was amazing.  If you do not really eat Indian food the thali is the way to go.  You get a bit of everything on a plate to taste and see.  Plus price wise it was really affordable way under what we were expecting.  Will be going back for sure. I had an incredible experience here.  We got seated in just a few minutes despite the place being full.  We got to sit in an amazing little den where you sit cross legged and have pillows and small tables.  So much fun.  They also have plenty of regular seating if you prefer. I ordered a chicken appetizer, some plates that had 10 items each so you could try a lot of things, and a butter chicken and naan, and mango lassis.  It was THE BEST Indian food I've ever had. . . and I've been to quite a few places! The flavours got better with each bite.  I was in absolute heaven. The service was great.  Quick friendly no mistakes. Will definitely  return here next time I'm in Montreal. delicious and welcoming.  we ordered samosas to start and meat thali as a main course.  coming from a central jersey Indian food fanatic, I must say that the samosas here were among the best I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  meat thali was satisfying as there was a nice variety of food all separated on the metal plate (lentils, tandoori chicken, curried vegetable, biryani, naan, butter chicken, and papadum).  aromatic, delicious.  very nice ambience and very good food especially for the price! 10/10 would come back. This was excellent North Indian.  I had the Thali, or sampler platter.  Everything on it was good and it was a good value for $11 Canadian.  The dal makni in particular was nice, and if I had a complaint it was that the rice was a little dry.  I had hot chai, which was a little thin and bland.  The rasmali was excellent.  The restaurant is located downtown and parking even on a Thursday night was a little sporty.  They don't take credit cards for less than $20, which is reasonable but a little inconvenient for business travelers dining alone -- I should have doubled done on dessert!Ate here while in town for work with 5 colleagues.  This place was CRAZY busy the whole time we were there, I am so glad we had reservations!  The service was spotty - hectic, forgetful and sort of harried, but they were friendly, apologetic and efficient too.  The food was outstanding.  We shared all our items with each other and I was simultaneously happy with what I ordered and also wishing I had what everyone else had.  Weirdly at the end of the meal the server said we could not get desert as they needed the table to seat someone else for dinner, and splitting the check threw them off big time.  But, even with all that, it was a fun experience, and I'd go back. Some of the best Indian food I've had, with no post-grease queasiness to pay for the experience!The Thali plate (naan, rice, lettuce, and a few dishes to try) is great value at $12 - the tandori chicken was spot on for tenderness and flavor, as was the anonymous meat curry that came with it.  The lamb madras was also delish, but the portion is MUCH smaller for the same price as the Thali plate, without naan or rice.  The decor is also adorable, and it's a super cute experience to eat cross legged on their cushions and carpet! Overall, would return readily, but probably just order the Thali plate for maximum value. This was a great surprise located in walking distance from our hotel.  The area looks a little bit questionable at night, but we had no issues.  During the daytime it is actually quite charming.  This is a tiny restaurant but we were able to be seated quickly.  They seem to do excellent take out business as well.  There are several areas of floor seating as well which is nice.  We had a table.  Service was friendly and quick.  The curries come out in small pails which was a little strange, but actually worked well.  The prices are for the dish, but does not include rice or bread.  Keep this in mind when ordering.  The large rice was approximately $4.  The curries were mostly around $10+.  Many people went for the thali platter, which looked excellent.  Everything we ordered was absolutely excellent.  Highly recommended if you are looking for a great meal at a good price. On the road in Montreal,  if you want to let off some heat, this is the place to be.  Food is good but they are not kidding when they warn you that the dishes are spicy, they are fiery hot.  Recommend a cool down with Lassi, an Indian yogurt drink. The portions are microscopic,  which is why I awarded them 4 stars. I went to Montreal for work on the last week of July.  I stumbled upon this place since I was in the mood for Indian cuisine.  The food was delectable and amazing! Everyone that works there is great, they are all very service oriented and gave us great recommendations on dishes.  What an absolute gem of Indian food, and don't expect to pay too much either.  Will definitely return next time I am in town.  ThanksUpdate: Curry Mahal is WAY better in basically every way.  Definitely recommend that over this one.  Better food.  Easier.  Friendly. ---Wow.  Rudest service EVER!!!So, I'm in town visiting and ordered from these guys two times this week already by text.  (2nd time two items out of six in the order were wrong, and one was missing. )Tried ordering a third time.  Text them the order.  30 mins later, no reply - text again to see if they got it.  By the time an hour passes, still no reply, so I call in.  The lady can't find my order.  So I give it to her again.  She asks for the address, which I give her.  And asks for the postal code.  I don't know the postal code because I'm just renting this place a couple weeks, and tell her this.  She seemed irritated right off the bat to have to talk to me at all - like, sorry that giving you business is an inconvenience for you (?!).  She tells me it's impossible to place an order without the postal code.  I point out it's been fine two other times, it hasn't been a problem before, and I don't know it.  It's on a major street, very near to them - not even like its obscure or anything.  She virtually YELLS at me that it's IMPOSSIBLE to place an order without it and HANGS UP on me. Floored.  She went from mildly irritated to right off the deep end in about 3 minutes.  I wouldn't even order from them if I could, now, cause based on that complete psycho overreaction, I'm confident they'd spit in the food or worse if they were even mildly annoyed with you. Good Indian food, they maintain they authenticity of Indian culture the way they have decorated there place and they way serve food.  There shikanji is awesome. The last time I had a traditional Indian dinner it was home cooked and made with love by my lovely coworker.  This enlarged my expectations of restaurants serving up Indian food 10 fold.  And well Darbar is currently at the top of that list.  The food is to die for! Both my friends and I each got a platter with a different kind of meat, of which I could not tell you my favourite.  The butter chicken is always a good go too, as well as the aloo gobi and Darbar serves up the best naan bread I've ever experienced.  The Mango 'yogurt' drink is also a fabulous option if your looking for something a bit sweet. The host was more than helpful and kind.  Not only did she sit with us to explain the menu but always made sure we were enjoying dinner (and we definitely were).  We even ate cross legged under lit lanterns.  How fun is that! I can finally cross that off my bucket list. I will be coming back and bringing everyone I know!Fairly priced, authentically decorated and very inviting.  This was the first restaurant I ever tried Indian food at and I have to say that it has been hard to find anything that matches it since then.  This was my second time here and it did not disappoint.  This family-owned restaurant is a pleasure to eat at.  I took my mom who was visiting Montreal and is normally picky when it comes to Indian food and she  adored it.  The food was delicious and the owner is a real pleasure to talk to.  He answered all my questions about the food and even showed me the oven where sheek kebab is prepared and gave me a little to try!Great price, great food and fabulous patio on a hot summers night.  Highly recommended!I was solo-traveling through Montreal and decided to drop by this place, while the restaurant was packed they placed me in the bar area, where customers usually didn't sit but I was thoroughly amused.  I got to see all the action of the waitresses and waiters, and the chatter and busy buzzing of the place was what made it fun.  I saw some people sit on the floor to eat so that was pretty cool! All in all for the price, my Thali plate was excellent and the service was attentive. had Sunday dinner with friends.  make sure you reserve, its a tiny restaurant with bunch of Indian food fans. tons of choice in menu with good explanation, Thali (taste-all plate) good deal, careful service as if we were their family member, dark mysterious atmosphere, and of course, delicious food!my lamb yogurt curry was soooo good.  definitely going back soon, to try that extremely low table with sitting down on the floor next time?:)When it comes to Indian food, I've basically tried it all.  Last night was my first time at Darbar and it certainly won't be my last! I had butter chicken and lamb vindaloo with garlic naan bread and rice - it was honestly a life changing experience.  I woke up this morning still thinking of the creamy taste and smooth texture of the butter chicken! The service here was also incredible - our table was constantly taken care of by 3 waitresses and even the chef! By far the friendliest, tastiest and best overall food experience I have had in Montreal - and that's saying a lot because I visit every summer.  My only concern was the heat inside the restaurant - my family and I are definitely heat sensitive but when mentioned, the staff moved us to the terrace instantly.  Final verdict: I would eat here every day if I lived in Montreal. Glad to have found this Indian place during our home food craving in our 2 month vacation.  We left satisfied.  Good food and service. Food - Delish. Service - Excellent. Atmosphere - Pleasant.  Nice that it didn't get too loud even thought the place was quite full. Will definitely be going back. Interesting that reading the reviews most (all?) of the negative ones seem to have been getting take out.  (We dined in. ) So it may be that you should avoid that route here.  But that is a guess. We decided to try this place after seeing rave reviews on Yelp.   It was about a 10 minute walk from our hotel, so we went ahead and made reservations.   As we got to the restaurant, we saw two women standing outside with menus - maybe there to invite people in.   We were seated promptly.   The restaurant is small but nicely set up.   Loved the cozy ambiance.   This place is family run as I could see the owner's mom is Indian clothes taking the check to other customers, while speaking fluent French. The owner took our order.  I wish I was hungrier as I wanted to try several things on the menu.   But my husband and I ordered one dish each. - Papad to start with. - Chole Bhatura  (this is listed as Chef's specialty): I have eaten this dish at many restaurants, including in India, so I know what good chola/bhatura (chickpea/fried bread) tastes like.   The chickpea was cooked perfectly.   Most restaurants don't boil the chickpea enough, leaving it hard.   This was perfectly cooked and the spices were blended in to perfection.   The Bhatura was not the huge fried bread that you see at most restaurants (see the picture I posted).   I wanted to go back to this restaurant during our trip to eat this again.  Yes - it's that good. - My husband got Chicken Tikka Masala and cleaned out his plate.  The chicken was tender and tasted as good as it does in India. We were too full to try any dessert, but I wanted some tea.   But since I was pregnant, I wanted something non-caffeinated.  The owner recommended trying their Ginger Tea which is made fresh in the kitchen.  The tea has a blend of ginger, orange peel, lemon peel, anise, bay leaves, and cinnamon.  There is no milk in the tea.   OMG - the tea was sooo good!!! I am craving that tea as I sit at my office desk right now. This restaurant has excellent service, and great food.   A must try if you are looking for Indian food during your stay in Montreal. We were in the mood for a good meal and this place satisfied our needs.  The staff is very friendly, it is a small place so I suggest making a reservation and if ever you have questions about the menu or need a suggestion ask your waiter.  Their advice is gold.  We had onion fritters as an appetizer and we had the thali one with butter chicken and the other with lamb madras, a suggestion from our waiter, it was amazing.  If you do not really eat Indian food the thali is the way to go.  You get a bit of everything on a plate to taste and see.  Plus price wise it was really affordable way under what we were expecting.  Will be going back for sure. I had an incredible experience here.  We got seated in just a few minutes despite the place being full.  We got to sit in an amazing little den where you sit cross legged and have pillows and small tables.  So much fun.  They also have plenty of regular seating if you prefer. I ordered a chicken appetizer, some plates that had 10 items each so you could try a lot of things, and a butter chicken and naan, and mango lassis.  It was THE BEST Indian food I've ever had. . . and I've been to quite a few places! The flavours got better with each bite.  I was in absolute heaven. The service was great.  Quick friendly no mistakes. Will definitely  return here next time I'm in Montreal. delicious and welcoming.  we ordered samosas to start and meat thali as a main course.  coming from a central jersey Indian food fanatic, I must say that the samosas here were among the best I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  meat thali was satisfying as there was a nice variety of food all separated on the metal plate (lentils, tandoori chicken, curried vegetable, biryani, naan, butter chicken, and papadum).  aromatic, delicious.  very nice ambience and very good food especially for the price! 10/10 would come back. This was excellent North Indian.  I had the Thali, or sampler platter.  Everything on it was good and it was a good value for $11 Canadian.  The dal makni in particular was nice, and if I had a complaint it was that the rice was a little dry.  I had hot chai, which was a little thin and bland.  The rasmali was excellent.  The restaurant is located downtown and parking even on a Thursday night was a little sporty.  They don't take credit cards for less than $20, which is reasonable but a little inconvenient for business travelers dining alone -- I should have doubled done on dessert!Ate here while in town for work with 5 colleagues.  This place was CRAZY busy the whole time we were there, I am so glad we had reservations!  The service was spotty - hectic, forgetful and sort of harried, but they were friendly, apologetic and efficient too.  The food was outstanding.  We shared all our items with each other and I was simultaneously happy with what I ordered and also wishing I had what everyone else had.  Weirdly at the end of the meal the server said we could not get desert as they needed the table to seat someone else for dinner, and splitting the check threw them off big time.  But, even with all that, it was a fun experience, and I'd go back. Some of the best Indian food I've had, with no post-grease queasiness to pay for the experience!The Thali plate (naan, rice, lettuce, and a few dishes to try) is great value at $12 - the tandori chicken was spot on for tenderness and flavor, as was the anonymous meat curry that came with it.  The lamb madras was also delish, but the portion is MUCH smaller for the same price as the Thali plate, without naan or rice.  The decor is also adorable, and it's a super cute experience to eat cross legged on their cushions and carpet! Overall, would return readily, but probably just order the Thali plate for maximum value. This was a great surprise located in walking distance from our hotel.  The area looks a little bit questionable at night, but we had no issues.  During the daytime it is actually quite charming.  This is a tiny restaurant but we were able to be seated quickly.  They seem to do excellent take out business as well.  There are several areas of floor seating as well which is nice.  We had a table.  Service was friendly and quick.  The curries come out in small pails which was a little strange, but actually worked well.  The prices are for the dish, but does not include rice or bread.  Keep this in mind when ordering.  The large rice was approximately $4.  The curries were mostly around $10+.  Many people went for the thali platter, which looked excellent.  Everything we ordered was absolutely excellent.  Highly recommended if you are looking for a great meal at a good price. On the road in Montreal,  if you want to let off some heat, this is the place to be.  Food is good but they are not kidding when they warn you that the dishes are spicy, they are fiery hot.  Recommend a cool down with Lassi, an Indian yogurt drink. The portions are microscopic,  which is why I awarded them 4 stars. I went to Montreal for work on the last week of July.  I stumbled upon this place since I was in the mood for Indian cuisine.  The food was delectable and amazing! Everyone that works there is great, they are all very service oriented and gave us great recommendations on dishes.  What an absolute gem of Indian food, and don't expect to pay too much either.  Will definitely return next time I am in town.  ThanksUpdate: Curry Mahal is WAY better in basically every way.  Definitely recommend that over this one.  Better food.  Easier.  Friendly. ---Wow.  Rudest service EVER!!!So, I'm in town visiting and ordered from these guys two times this week already by text.  (2nd time two items out of six in the order were wrong, and one was missing. )Tried ordering a third time.  Text them the order.  30 mins later, no reply - text again to see if they got it.  By the time an hour passes, still no reply, so I call in.  The lady can't find my order.  So I give it to her again.  She asks for the address, which I give her.  And asks for the postal code.  I don't know the postal code because I'm just renting this place a couple weeks, and tell her this.  She seemed irritated right off the bat to have to talk to me at all - like, sorry that giving you business is an inconvenience for you (?!).  She tells me it's impossible to place an order without the postal code.  I point out it's been fine two other times, it hasn't been a problem before, and I don't know it.  It's on a major street, very near to them - not even like its obscure or anything.  She virtually YELLS at me that it's IMPOSSIBLE to place an order without it and HANGS UP on me. Floored.  She went from mildly irritated to right off the deep end in about 3 minutes.  I wouldn't even order from them if I could, now, cause based on that complete psycho overreaction, I'm confident they'd spit in the food or worse if they were even mildly annoyed with you. Good Indian food, they maintain they authenticity of Indian culture the way they have decorated there place and they way serve food.  There shikanji is awesome. The last time I had a traditional Indian dinner it was home cooked and made with love by my lovely coworker.  This enlarged my expectations of restaurants serving up Indian food 10 fold.  And well Darbar is currently at the top of that list.  The food is to die for! Both my friends and I each got a platter with a different kind of meat, of which I could not tell you my favourite.  The butter chicken is always a good go too, as well as the aloo gobi and Darbar serves up the best naan bread I've ever experienced.  The Mango 'yogurt' drink is also a fabulous option if your looking for something a bit sweet. The host was more than helpful and kind.  Not only did she sit with us to explain the menu but always made sure we were enjoying dinner (and we definitely were).  We even ate cross legged under lit lanterns.  How fun is that! I can finally cross that off my bucket list. I will be coming back and bringing everyone I know!Fairly priced, authentically decorated and very inviting.  This was the first restaurant I ever tried Indian food at and I have to say that it has been hard to find anything that matches it since then.  This was my second time here and it did not disappoint.  This family-owned restaurant is a pleasure to eat at.  I took my mom who was visiting Montreal and is normally picky when it comes to Indian food and she  adored it.  The food was delicious and the owner is a real pleasure to talk to.  He answered all my questions about the food and even showed me the oven where sheek kebab is prepared and gave me a little to try!Great price, great food and fabulous patio on a hot summers night.  Highly recommended!I was solo-traveling through Montreal and decided to drop by this place, while the restaurant was packed they placed me in the bar area, where customers usually didn't sit but I was thoroughly amused.  I got to see all the action of the waitresses and waiters, and the chatter and busy buzzing of the place was what made it fun.  I saw some people sit on the floor to eat so that was pretty cool! All in all for the price, my Thali plate was excellent and the service was attentive. had Sunday dinner with friends.  make sure you reserve, its a tiny restaurant with bunch of Indian food fans. tons of choice in menu with good explanation, Thali (taste-all plate) good deal, careful service as if we were their family member, dark mysterious atmosphere, and of course, delicious food!my lamb yogurt curry was soooo good.  definitely going back soon, to try that extremely low table with sitting down on the floor next time?:)When it comes to Indian food, I've basically tried it all.  Last night was my first time at Darbar and it certainly won't be my last! I had butter chicken and lamb vindaloo with garlic naan bread and rice - it was honestly a life changing experience.  I woke up this morning still thinking of the creamy taste and smooth texture of the butter chicken! The service here was also incredible - our table was constantly taken care of by 3 waitresses and even the chef! By far the friendliest, tastiest and best overall food experience I have had in Montreal - and that's saying a lot because I visit every summer.  My only concern was the heat inside the restaurant - my family and I are definitely heat sensitive but when mentioned, the staff moved us to the terrace instantly.  Final verdict: I would eat here every day if I lived in Montreal. Glad to have found this Indian place during our home food craving in our 2 month vacation.  We left satisfied.  Good food and service. Food - Delish. Service - Excellent. Atmosphere - Pleasant.  Nice that it didn't get too loud even thought the place was quite full. Will definitely be going back. Interesting that reading the reviews most (all?) of the negative ones seem to have been getting take out.  (We dined in. ) So it may be that you should avoid that route here.  But that is a guess. We decided to try this place after seeing rave reviews on Yelp.   It was about a 10 minute walk from our hotel, so we went ahead and made reservations.   As we got to the restaurant, we saw two women standing outside with menus - maybe there to invite people in.   We were seated promptly.   The restaurant is small but nicely set up.   Loved the cozy ambiance.   This place is family run as I could see the owner's mom is Indian clothes taking the check to other customers, while speaking fluent French. The owner took our order.  I wish I was hungrier as I wanted to try several things on the menu.   But my husband and I ordered one dish each. - Papad to start with. - Chole Bhatura  (this is listed as Chef's specialty): I have eaten this dish at many restaurants, including in India, so I know what good chola/bhatura (chickpea/fried bread) tastes like.   The chickpea was cooked perfectly.   Most restaurants don't boil the chickpea enough, leaving it hard.   This was perfectly cooked and the spices were blended in to perfection.   The Bhatura was not the huge fried bread that you see at most restaurants (see the picture I posted).   I wanted to go back to this restaurant during our trip to eat this again.  Yes - it's that good. - My husband got Chicken Tikka Masala and cleaned out his plate.  The chicken was tender and tasted as good as it does in India. We were too full to try any dessert, but I wanted some tea.   But since I was pregnant, I wanted something non-caffeinated.  The owner recommended trying their Ginger Tea which is made fresh in the kitchen.  The tea has a blend of ginger, orange peel, lemon peel, anise, bay leaves, and cinnamon.  There is no milk in the tea.   OMG - the tea was sooo good!!! I am craving that tea as I sit at my office desk right now. This restaurant has excellent service, and great food.   A must try if you are looking for Indian food during your stay in Montreal. We were in the mood for a good meal and this place satisfied our needs.  The staff is very friendly, it is a small place so I suggest making a reservation and if ever you have questions about the menu or need a suggestion ask your waiter.  Their advice is gold.  We had onion fritters as an appetizer and we had the thali one with butter chicken and the other with lamb madras, a suggestion from our waiter, it was amazing.  If you do not really eat Indian food the thali is the way to go.  You get a bit of everything on a plate to taste and see.  Plus price wise it was really affordable way under what we were expecting.  Will be going back for sure. 