I loooooove bars like these.  It's a place where, as Johnson said, anyone can be here.  I visited after work, I visited after school.  I can look like a bum wearing my puffy winter jacket and eating, because it was so cold.  It really doesn't matter.  Other customers of this bar are fantastic.  I see all sorts of people.  Everyone is friendly.  The troublemakers and the clumsy patrons are friendly.  The staff are friendly.  Love the beers and only $6-7 for a pint! I couldn't help but stay 2 hours longer than expected, even though a long night of assignments awaited me. Food was delicious.  $10 for 2 sliders. The lights at the back of the bar is extremely bright.  Way too bright!! Sitting near the front is ideal for me. Else's is like a dive bar, but very clean.  It's almost undiscoverable if it wasn't for Yelp. I've been to Else's multiple times and it never disappoints.  Affordable, decent food and drink, this is a great spot for a date or a meet-up with a few friends.  It's cozy, dark and candlelit (so everyone looks good), low key atmosphere, and the music isn't too loud so you can have a conversation over your meal (the establishment requires you to order food if you are drinking alcohol). My favorite dish would be the fish tacos or the veggie tacos.  I also like their simple beer selection and I've never had a cocktail I didn't like here.  The wait staff are all very polite and knowledgable.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a cute, local place to grab a few drinks and have a bite to eat. This place is so adorable! We were nearby and my friend suggested this place for dinner, so off we went.  It's in a quiet neighborhood but I feel it fits perfectly.  Apparently Else was a kick ass Scandiavian who opened up this restaurant years ago.  Sadly she has passed away, but her memory lives out in the food.  I was a bit hesitant in trying the chicken tacos but they came out perfectly.  My friend had the quesadilla and felt the same way.  The staff is really friendly, case in point I nearly walked out without my sunglasses and they stopped me right in time.  :) This is a cozy little joint where you can relax with friends or take a date out for an intimate night.  Highly recomended!One of my favourite bars in Montreal.  It's cozy, dark, friendly, and just plain gives me the warm fuzzies.  As everyone notes, they have a restaurant license so you are requested to order food so that you can also order drinks.  It used to be that they had super cheap options like olives or samosas for less than $5.  That's increased in the last several years and now most of the options are around $10 or more.  In my personal experience, we've always been able to share dishes.  In the dozens of times I've been here, we have not been asked to order individual plates.  But other people's experience differs, so I don't really know of it's something we say or do or just luck.  Beer menu is not huge, but sufficient for most tastes.  They've also got cocktails, cider, hot drinks.  If you sit near the back of the bar, there are large notebooks leaning on the piano.  They are filled with the notes and doodles of past patrons over the years.  They're good for a browse when you're a few drinks in.  I don't really come here for the food, Else's is just that special that I'm willing to put up with this little inconvenient charade of ordering food just so I can keep drinking here.  Sometimes, I think this charade is part of the charm. This bar is really cute and has a great atmosphere.  I agree with one of the reviewers that this bar is probably at its best during winter snow storms.  There are many advantages to this bar as other reviewers pointed out - the music is not too loud, nice selection of beers, wine and cocktail.  Surely, everyone in your crowd will find something to enjoy.  However, we didn't drink any beer or cocktail that was really really good but maybe we didn't try enough.  I was just much more impressed by the beer at Dieu du Ciel.  While Else's offers a range of food options, our food didn't amaze us (but it's definitely ok!).  Basically, I would come here if I was in the area but I don't think it's worth an extended trip down.  Also, I would definitely come here if members of your group like different things. Else's has a great atmosphere and was a very enjoyable experience.   I ordered the vegetarian tacos which were delicious, and finished things off with the chocolate brownie ice cream sandwich.   Not to be missed!The staff were very courteous, friendly, and helpful.   I really enjoyed the experience and I look forward to coming back!Great neighbourhood pub.  Reasonable prices.  Perfect for lunch, a 5a7, or a quiet date. Else's has gone through a lot of changes over the last decade because they only have a restaurant license and periodically re-invent the menu.  The current menu, however, is at the best of its been in years.  Serving sizes and presentation range anywhere from a solid, comfort food lunch to perfect for sharing.  A few of things worth trying include:- the Bison Sliders (2 per serving)- the Shrimp or Pibil Tacos (4 per serving)- or the Philly Cheese Steak (comes with side saladThe place is also a solid bet for a quiet sunday afternoon or pints and cocktails late into the night.  The music is never too loud, and even when it's busy, it doesn't seem to crowded (despite its size). If you're in the 'hood and looking for a satisfying bite or just to catch up with friends or that book you've been working through, you should definitely consider Else's. A chill atmosphere, full of creatives.  In the afternoon, definitely a place where it's okay to fly solo, have a coffee or scotch and food, and focus on your writing, design, or other work.  In the evening, it fills with interesting people. Reasonable prices, friendly staff, artsy ambiance. Such a great spot.  When my Saturday-night plans fell through, I turned to yelp in search of a nearby bar with chill vibes, which led my boyfriend and me to Else's.  The whimsical décor and abundant indoor plants provided ambiance, and the quesadilla did not disappoint.  Enough people filled the moderately sized restaurant so that I felt satisfied my evening of "going out" while avoiding some overcrowded amateur hour.  It's a good spot for a casual date or to catch up with friends.  Keep in mind you have to order food in order to drink because they only have a restaurant license.  I found this a bit off-putting, but then again, I'm new to the area.  I will definitely return, but next time I will come with an appetite. I've been here twice and it always seems like my friends are more impressed by Else's than I am.  This by no means lessens my affection for this place (There is this cured fish and cucumber salad dish that makes me feel like I got punched in the mouth with a pack full of flavour! Though I do wish the portion size was MUCH bigger. . . ), but my friends always seem to pick the dish that's a decent portion and delicious (Fish&Chips, Calamari).  This one friend said the calamari at their place was the BEST calamari he's ever tasted.  Quite the praise if you ask me.  Nonetheless, if you're in Montreal and you want to bring your friends to a chill and cozy place with great ambiance,  I think Else's would be a great choice.  They have quite a selection of drinks and great food.  I'm the type of person where if I happen to recommend a restaurant that my friends like, I always feel like I take full responsibility of the meal as though I'm the chef.  Therefore, Else's would probably be my best bet for a great recommendation. Fantastic hangout spot with decent food and a great atmosphere.  The only negative is that they DO NOT ACCEPT VISA, only cash and debit. Great atmosphere, nice date place.  Good beer selection.  My only qualms are that the service has been pretty bad on several of the occasions that I've been here, and you have to order food to drink (although that's a pretty minor issue, as they have some cheap dishes to get around that).  I'd recommend if you're looking for something relaxed and don't mind waiting for service. Pretty cool spot with amazing food.  You definitely got to try their hotsauce, it is awesome. Great neighbourhood bar/tapas  place  to take a date.   The vibe inside is really cool and the wait staff is super friendly. Amazing scotch /wine list and a really cool inexpensive tapas style menu with about 10-15 items that always change.  They have meat and vegetarian options and a couple great dessert options as well. MUST try the warm citrus infused calamari salad.  It is the best salad I have ever had hands down!  Simple and fresh.  Calamari is not fried.  The beans and calamari was cooked perfecto! Also this Salad has a kick to it so kudos on that! Great atmosphere and hanging out with the locals! Ask for Vanessa, she took great care of us! Just come chill here!!!!Went there last night after reading glorious reviews on yelp and was slightly disappointed - it's very standard.  Food isn't great - just ok (we had the chili con crane, veg burger and fajita), and the beer is great - same as any other pub around.  It was a nice place to seat and catch up with an old friend, where the music isn't too loud, but soon after our plates and glasses went empty we were served the bill (without asking), as if to hint that we should leave. Check the review they did at The Main! themainmtl. com/2014/12/0…Wow, just walking by, liked the look of it and boy were we rewarded! Seems a very neighborhood place, but very interesting food and flavors.   Raves from our party on everything on the menu, and finally a decent IPA in Montreal !I don't know who to be mad at. . .  this "bar" or Yelp.  Walked in after reading all the good reviews wanting to enjoy a drink in a nice atmosphere on a Friday night away from the over crowded St.  Laurent.  Walked in and asked to sit at the bar to enjoy a drink. . . the employee responds "this is a pub you have to order food not just drinks"    What!?!     I am not from Montreal so I do not know if this is a regular thing, but later that night having to find another bar I asked the door man if we had to order food or could we just have drinks. . .  he just looked at me with confusion and laughed telling me no you can just order drinks. . . I don't know why yelp has you under bars (bars you can order just drinks) or American (in america ((minus fast food)) you can go to a restaurant, sit at the bar, and just order drinks). . .  bottom line Im sure this place is awesome. . . if you are going to order food, but if you want to order just drinks and relax. . . go elsewhereA hidden gem in Montreal , this place has a dive bar feel despite its location.   A pretty good selection of beers on tap and bottle,not an extensive list.  The menu is a unique take on small plates and bar food with numerous vegetarian options.  All the workers were friendly and helpful . The decoration was a little interesting but overall this was a great experience . I loooooove bars like these.  It's a place where, as Johnson said, anyone can be here.  I visited after work, I visited after school.  I can look like a bum wearing my puffy winter jacket and eating, because it was so cold.  It really doesn't matter.  Other customers of this bar are fantastic.  I see all sorts of people.  Everyone is friendly.  The troublemakers and the clumsy patrons are friendly.  The staff are friendly.  Love the beers and only $6-7 for a pint! I couldn't help but stay 2 hours longer than expected, even though a long night of assignments awaited me. Food was delicious.  $10 for 2 sliders. The lights at the back of the bar is extremely bright.  Way too bright!! Sitting near the front is ideal for me. Else's is like a dive bar, but very clean.  It's almost undiscoverable if it wasn't for Yelp. I've been to Else's multiple times and it never disappoints.  Affordable, decent food and drink, this is a great spot for a date or a meet-up with a few friends.  It's cozy, dark and candlelit (so everyone looks good), low key atmosphere, and the music isn't too loud so you can have a conversation over your meal (the establishment requires you to order food if you are drinking alcohol). My favorite dish would be the fish tacos or the veggie tacos.  I also like their simple beer selection and I've never had a cocktail I didn't like here.  The wait staff are all very polite and knowledgable.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a cute, local place to grab a few drinks and have a bite to eat. This place is so adorable! We were nearby and my friend suggested this place for dinner, so off we went.  It's in a quiet neighborhood but I feel it fits perfectly.  Apparently Else was a kick ass Scandiavian who opened up this restaurant years ago.  Sadly she has passed away, but her memory lives out in the food.  I was a bit hesitant in trying the chicken tacos but they came out perfectly.  My friend had the quesadilla and felt the same way.  The staff is really friendly, case in point I nearly walked out without my sunglasses and they stopped me right in time.  :) This is a cozy little joint where you can relax with friends or take a date out for an intimate night.  Highly recomended!One of my favourite bars in Montreal.  It's cozy, dark, friendly, and just plain gives me the warm fuzzies.  As everyone notes, they have a restaurant license so you are requested to order food so that you can also order drinks.  It used to be that they had super cheap options like olives or samosas for less than $5.  That's increased in the last several years and now most of the options are around $10 or more.  In my personal experience, we've always been able to share dishes.  In the dozens of times I've been here, we have not been asked to order individual plates.  But other people's experience differs, so I don't really know of it's something we say or do or just luck.  Beer menu is not huge, but sufficient for most tastes.  They've also got cocktails, cider, hot drinks.  If you sit near the back of the bar, there are large notebooks leaning on the piano.  They are filled with the notes and doodles of past patrons over the years.  They're good for a browse when you're a few drinks in.  I don't really come here for the food, Else's is just that special that I'm willing to put up with this little inconvenient charade of ordering food just so I can keep drinking here.  Sometimes, I think this charade is part of the charm. This bar is really cute and has a great atmosphere.  I agree with one of the reviewers that this bar is probably at its best during winter snow storms.  There are many advantages to this bar as other reviewers pointed out - the music is not too loud, nice selection of beers, wine and cocktail.  Surely, everyone in your crowd will find something to enjoy.  However, we didn't drink any beer or cocktail that was really really good but maybe we didn't try enough.  I was just much more impressed by the beer at Dieu du Ciel.  While Else's offers a range of food options, our food didn't amaze us (but it's definitely ok!).  Basically, I would come here if I was in the area but I don't think it's worth an extended trip down.  Also, I would definitely come here if members of your group like different things. Else's has a great atmosphere and was a very enjoyable experience.   I ordered the vegetarian tacos which were delicious, and finished things off with the chocolate brownie ice cream sandwich.   Not to be missed!The staff were very courteous, friendly, and helpful.   I really enjoyed the experience and I look forward to coming back!Great neighbourhood pub.  Reasonable prices.  Perfect for lunch, a 5a7, or a quiet date. Else's has gone through a lot of changes over the last decade because they only have a restaurant license and periodically re-invent the menu.  The current menu, however, is at the best of its been in years.  Serving sizes and presentation range anywhere from a solid, comfort food lunch to perfect for sharing.  A few of things worth trying include:- the Bison Sliders (2 per serving)- the Shrimp or Pibil Tacos (4 per serving)- or the Philly Cheese Steak (comes with side saladThe place is also a solid bet for a quiet sunday afternoon or pints and cocktails late into the night.  The music is never too loud, and even when it's busy, it doesn't seem to crowded (despite its size). If you're in the 'hood and looking for a satisfying bite or just to catch up with friends or that book you've been working through, you should definitely consider Else's. A chill atmosphere, full of creatives.  In the afternoon, definitely a place where it's okay to fly solo, have a coffee or scotch and food, and focus on your writing, design, or other work.  In the evening, it fills with interesting people. Reasonable prices, friendly staff, artsy ambiance. Such a great spot.  When my Saturday-night plans fell through, I turned to yelp in search of a nearby bar with chill vibes, which led my boyfriend and me to Else's.  The whimsical décor and abundant indoor plants provided ambiance, and the quesadilla did not disappoint.  Enough people filled the moderately sized restaurant so that I felt satisfied my evening of "going out" while avoiding some overcrowded amateur hour.  It's a good spot for a casual date or to catch up with friends.  Keep in mind you have to order food in order to drink because they only have a restaurant license.  I found this a bit off-putting, but then again, I'm new to the area.  I will definitely return, but next time I will come with an appetite. I've been here twice and it always seems like my friends are more impressed by Else's than I am.  This by no means lessens my affection for this place (There is this cured fish and cucumber salad dish that makes me feel like I got punched in the mouth with a pack full of flavour! Though I do wish the portion size was MUCH bigger. . . ), but my friends always seem to pick the dish that's a decent portion and delicious (Fish&Chips, Calamari).  This one friend said the calamari at their place was the BEST calamari he's ever tasted.  Quite the praise if you ask me.  Nonetheless, if you're in Montreal and you want to bring your friends to a chill and cozy place with great ambiance,  I think Else's would be a great choice.  They have quite a selection of drinks and great food.  I'm the type of person where if I happen to recommend a restaurant that my friends like, I always feel like I take full responsibility of the meal as though I'm the chef.  Therefore, Else's would probably be my best bet for a great recommendation. Fantastic hangout spot with decent food and a great atmosphere.  The only negative is that they DO NOT ACCEPT VISA, only cash and debit. Great atmosphere, nice date place.  Good beer selection.  My only qualms are that the service has been pretty bad on several of the occasions that I've been here, and you have to order food to drink (although that's a pretty minor issue, as they have some cheap dishes to get around that).  I'd recommend if you're looking for something relaxed and don't mind waiting for service. Pretty cool spot with amazing food.  You definitely got to try their hotsauce, it is awesome. Great neighbourhood bar/tapas  place  to take a date.   The vibe inside is really cool and the wait staff is super friendly. Amazing scotch /wine list and a really cool inexpensive tapas style menu with about 10-15 items that always change.  They have meat and vegetarian options and a couple great dessert options as well. MUST try the warm citrus infused calamari salad.  It is the best salad I have ever had hands down!  Simple and fresh.  Calamari is not fried.  The beans and calamari was cooked perfecto! Also this Salad has a kick to it so kudos on that! Great atmosphere and hanging out with the locals! Ask for Vanessa, she took great care of us! Just come chill here!!!!Went there last night after reading glorious reviews on yelp and was slightly disappointed - it's very standard.  Food isn't great - just ok (we had the chili con crane, veg burger and fajita), and the beer is great - same as any other pub around.  It was a nice place to seat and catch up with an old friend, where the music isn't too loud, but soon after our plates and glasses went empty we were served the bill (without asking), as if to hint that we should leave. Check the review they did at The Main! themainmtl. com/2014/12/0…Wow, just walking by, liked the look of it and boy were we rewarded! Seems a very neighborhood place, but very interesting food and flavors.   Raves from our party on everything on the menu, and finally a decent IPA in Montreal !I don't know who to be mad at. . .  this "bar" or Yelp.  Walked in after reading all the good reviews wanting to enjoy a drink in a nice atmosphere on a Friday night away from the over crowded St.  Laurent.  Walked in and asked to sit at the bar to enjoy a drink. . . the employee responds "this is a pub you have to order food not just drinks"    What!?!     I am not from Montreal so I do not know if this is a regular thing, but later that night having to find another bar I asked the door man if we had to order food or could we just have drinks. . .  he just looked at me with confusion and laughed telling me no you can just order drinks. . . I don't know why yelp has you under bars (bars you can order just drinks) or American (in america ((minus fast food)) you can go to a restaurant, sit at the bar, and just order drinks). . .  bottom line Im sure this place is awesome. . . if you are going to order food, but if you want to order just drinks and relax. . . go elsewhereA hidden gem in Montreal , this place has a dive bar feel despite its location.   A pretty good selection of beers on tap and bottle,not an extensive list.  The menu is a unique take on small plates and bar food with numerous vegetarian options.  All the workers were friendly and helpful . The decoration was a little interesting but overall this was a great experience . I loooooove bars like these.  It's a place where, as Johnson said, anyone can be here.  I visited after work, I visited after school.  I can look like a bum wearing my puffy winter jacket and eating, because it was so cold.  It really doesn't matter.  Other customers of this bar are fantastic.  I see all sorts of people.  Everyone is friendly.  The troublemakers and the clumsy patrons are friendly.  The staff are friendly.  Love the beers and only $6-7 for a pint! I couldn't help but stay 2 hours longer than expected, even though a long night of assignments awaited me. Food was delicious.  $10 for 2 sliders. The lights at the back of the bar is extremely bright.  Way too bright!! Sitting near the front is ideal for me. Else's is like a dive bar, but very clean.  It's almost undiscoverable if it wasn't for Yelp. I've been to Else's multiple times and it never disappoints.  Affordable, decent food and drink, this is a great spot for a date or a meet-up with a few friends.  It's cozy, dark and candlelit (so everyone looks good), low key atmosphere, and the music isn't too loud so you can have a conversation over your meal (the establishment requires you to order food if you are drinking alcohol). My favorite dish would be the fish tacos or the veggie tacos.  I also like their simple beer selection and I've never had a cocktail I didn't like here.  The wait staff are all very polite and knowledgable.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a cute, local place to grab a few drinks and have a bite to eat. This place is so adorable! We were nearby and my friend suggested this place for dinner, so off we went.  It's in a quiet neighborhood but I feel it fits perfectly.  Apparently Else was a kick ass Scandiavian who opened up this restaurant years ago.  Sadly she has passed away, but her memory lives out in the food.  I was a bit hesitant in trying the chicken tacos but they came out perfectly.  My friend had the quesadilla and felt the same way.  The staff is really friendly, case in point I nearly walked out without my sunglasses and they stopped me right in time.  :) This is a cozy little joint where you can relax with friends or take a date out for an intimate night.  Highly recomended!One of my favourite bars in Montreal.  It's cozy, dark, friendly, and just plain gives me the warm fuzzies.  As everyone notes, they have a restaurant license so you are requested to order food so that you can also order drinks.  It used to be that they had super cheap options like olives or samosas for less than $5.  That's increased in the last several years and now most of the options are around $10 or more.  In my personal experience, we've always been able to share dishes.  In the dozens of times I've been here, we have not been asked to order individual plates.  But other people's experience differs, so I don't really know of it's something we say or do or just luck.  Beer menu is not huge, but sufficient for most tastes.  They've also got cocktails, cider, hot drinks.  If you sit near the back of the bar, there are large notebooks leaning on the piano.  They are filled with the notes and doodles of past patrons over the years.  They're good for a browse when you're a few drinks in.  I don't really come here for the food, Else's is just that special that I'm willing to put up with this little inconvenient charade of ordering food just so I can keep drinking here.  Sometimes, I think this charade is part of the charm. This bar is really cute and has a great atmosphere.  I agree with one of the reviewers that this bar is probably at its best during winter snow storms.  There are many advantages to this bar as other reviewers pointed out - the music is not too loud, nice selection of beers, wine and cocktail.  Surely, everyone in your crowd will find something to enjoy.  However, we didn't drink any beer or cocktail that was really really good but maybe we didn't try enough.  I was just much more impressed by the beer at Dieu du Ciel.  While Else's offers a range of food options, our food didn't amaze us (but it's definitely ok!).  Basically, I would come here if I was in the area but I don't think it's worth an extended trip down.  Also, I would definitely come here if members of your group like different things. Else's has a great atmosphere and was a very enjoyable experience.   I ordered the vegetarian tacos which were delicious, and finished things off with the chocolate brownie ice cream sandwich.   Not to be missed!The staff were very courteous, friendly, and helpful.   I really enjoyed the experience and I look forward to coming back!Great neighbourhood pub.  Reasonable prices.  Perfect for lunch, a 5a7, or a quiet date. Else's has gone through a lot of changes over the last decade because they only have a restaurant license and periodically re-invent the menu.  The current menu, however, is at the best of its been in years.  Serving sizes and presentation range anywhere from a solid, comfort food lunch to perfect for sharing.  A few of things worth trying include:- the Bison Sliders (2 per serving)- the Shrimp or Pibil Tacos (4 per serving)- or the Philly Cheese Steak (comes with side saladThe place is also a solid bet for a quiet sunday afternoon or pints and cocktails late into the night.  The music is never too loud, and even when it's busy, it doesn't seem to crowded (despite its size). If you're in the 'hood and looking for a satisfying bite or just to catch up with friends or that book you've been working through, you should definitely consider Else's. A chill atmosphere, full of creatives.  In the afternoon, definitely a place where it's okay to fly solo, have a coffee or scotch and food, and focus on your writing, design, or other work.  In the evening, it fills with interesting people. Reasonable prices, friendly staff, artsy ambiance. Such a great spot.  When my Saturday-night plans fell through, I turned to yelp in search of a nearby bar with chill vibes, which led my boyfriend and me to Else's.  The whimsical décor and abundant indoor plants provided ambiance, and the quesadilla did not disappoint.  Enough people filled the moderately sized restaurant so that I felt satisfied my evening of "going out" while avoiding some overcrowded amateur hour.  It's a good spot for a casual date or to catch up with friends.  Keep in mind you have to order food in order to drink because they only have a restaurant license.  I found this a bit off-putting, but then again, I'm new to the area.  I will definitely return, but next time I will come with an appetite. I've been here twice and it always seems like my friends are more impressed by Else's than I am.  This by no means lessens my affection for this place (There is this cured fish and cucumber salad dish that makes me feel like I got punched in the mouth with a pack full of flavour! Though I do wish the portion size was MUCH bigger. . . ), but my friends always seem to pick the dish that's a decent portion and delicious (Fish&Chips, Calamari).  This one friend said the calamari at their place was the BEST calamari he's ever tasted.  Quite the praise if you ask me.  Nonetheless, if you're in Montreal and you want to bring your friends to a chill and cozy place with great ambiance,  I think Else's would be a great choice.  They have quite a selection of drinks and great food.  I'm the type of person where if I happen to recommend a restaurant that my friends like, I always feel like I take full responsibility of the meal as though I'm the chef.  Therefore, Else's would probably be my best bet for a great recommendation. Fantastic hangout spot with decent food and a great atmosphere.  The only negative is that they DO NOT ACCEPT VISA, only cash and debit. Great atmosphere, nice date place.  Good beer selection.  My only qualms are that the service has been pretty bad on several of the occasions that I've been here, and you have to order food to drink (although that's a pretty minor issue, as they have some cheap dishes to get around that).  I'd recommend if you're looking for something relaxed and don't mind waiting for service. Pretty cool spot with amazing food.  You definitely got to try their hotsauce, it is awesome. Great neighbourhood bar/tapas  place  to take a date.   The vibe inside is really cool and the wait staff is super friendly. Amazing scotch /wine list and a really cool inexpensive tapas style menu with about 10-15 items that always change.  They have meat and vegetarian options and a couple great dessert options as well. MUST try the warm citrus infused calamari salad.  It is the best salad I have ever had hands down!  Simple and fresh.  Calamari is not fried.  The beans and calamari was cooked perfecto! Also this Salad has a kick to it so kudos on that! Great atmosphere and hanging out with the locals! Ask for Vanessa, she took great care of us! Just come chill here!!!!Went there last night after reading glorious reviews on yelp and was slightly disappointed - it's very standard.  Food isn't great - just ok (we had the chili con crane, veg burger and fajita), and the beer is great - same as any other pub around.  It was a nice place to seat and catch up with an old friend, where the music isn't too loud, but soon after our plates and glasses went empty we were served the bill (without asking), as if to hint that we should leave. Check the review they did at The Main! themainmtl. com/2014/12/0…Wow, just walking by, liked the look of it and boy were we rewarded! Seems a very neighborhood place, but very interesting food and flavors.   Raves from our party on everything on the menu, and finally a decent IPA in Montreal !I don't know who to be mad at. . .  this "bar" or Yelp.  Walked in after reading all the good reviews wanting to enjoy a drink in a nice atmosphere on a Friday night away from the over crowded St.  Laurent.  Walked in and asked to sit at the bar to enjoy a drink. . . the employee responds "this is a pub you have to order food not just drinks"    What!?!     I am not from Montreal so I do not know if this is a regular thing, but later that night having to find another bar I asked the door man if we had to order food or could we just have drinks. . .  he just looked at me with confusion and laughed telling me no you can just order drinks. . . I don't know why yelp has you under bars (bars you can order just drinks) or American (in america ((minus fast food)) you can go to a restaurant, sit at the bar, and just order drinks). . .  bottom line Im sure this place is awesome. . . if you are going to order food, but if you want to order just drinks and relax. . . go elsewhereA hidden gem in Montreal , this place has a dive bar feel despite its location.   A pretty good selection of beers on tap and bottle,not an extensive list.  The menu is a unique take on small plates and bar food with numerous vegetarian options.  All the workers were friendly and helpful . The decoration was a little interesting but overall this was a great experience . I loooooove bars like these.  It's a place where, as Johnson said, anyone can be here.  I visited after work, I visited after school.  I can look like a bum wearing my puffy winter jacket and eating, because it was so cold.  It really doesn't matter.  Other customers of this bar are fantastic.  I see all sorts of people.  Everyone is friendly.  The troublemakers and the clumsy patrons are friendly.  The staff are friendly.  Love the beers and only $6-7 for a pint! I couldn't help but stay 2 hours longer than expected, even though a long night of assignments awaited me. Food was delicious.  $10 for 2 sliders. The lights at the back of the bar is extremely bright.  Way too bright!! Sitting near the front is ideal for me. Else's is like a dive bar, but very clean.  It's almost undiscoverable if it wasn't for Yelp. I've been to Else's multiple times and it never disappoints.  Affordable, decent food and drink, this is a great spot for a date or a meet-up with a few friends.  It's cozy, dark and candlelit (so everyone looks good), low key atmosphere, and the music isn't too loud so you can have a conversation over your meal (the establishment requires you to order food if you are drinking alcohol). My favorite dish would be the fish tacos or the veggie tacos.  I also like their simple beer selection and I've never had a cocktail I didn't like here.  The wait staff are all very polite and knowledgable.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a cute, local place to grab a few drinks and have a bite to eat. This place is so adorable! We were nearby and my friend suggested this place for dinner, so off we went.  It's in a quiet neighborhood but I feel it fits perfectly.  Apparently Else was a kick ass Scandiavian who opened up this restaurant years ago.  Sadly she has passed away, but her memory lives out in the food.  I was a bit hesitant in trying the chicken tacos but they came out perfectly.  My friend had the quesadilla and felt the same way.  The staff is really friendly, case in point I nearly walked out without my sunglasses and they stopped me right in time.  :) This is a cozy little joint where you can relax with friends or take a date out for an intimate night.  Highly recomended!One of my favourite bars in Montreal.  It's cozy, dark, friendly, and just plain gives me the warm fuzzies.  As everyone notes, they have a restaurant license so you are requested to order food so that you can also order drinks.  It used to be that they had super cheap options like olives or samosas for less than $5.  That's increased in the last several years and now most of the options are around $10 or more.  In my personal experience, we've always been able to share dishes.  In the dozens of times I've been here, we have not been asked to order individual plates.  But other people's experience differs, so I don't really know of it's something we say or do or just luck.  Beer menu is not huge, but sufficient for most tastes.  They've also got cocktails, cider, hot drinks.  If you sit near the back of the bar, there are large notebooks leaning on the piano.  They are filled with the notes and doodles of past patrons over the years.  They're good for a browse when you're a few drinks in.  I don't really come here for the food, Else's is just that special that I'm willing to put up with this little inconvenient charade of ordering food just so I can keep drinking here.  Sometimes, I think this charade is part of the charm. This bar is really cute and has a great atmosphere.  I agree with one of the reviewers that this bar is probably at its best during winter snow storms.  There are many advantages to this bar as other reviewers pointed out - the music is not too loud, nice selection of beers, wine and cocktail.  Surely, everyone in your crowd will find something to enjoy.  However, we didn't drink any beer or cocktail that was really really good but maybe we didn't try enough.  I was just much more impressed by the beer at Dieu du Ciel.  While Else's offers a range of food options, our food didn't amaze us (but it's definitely ok!).  Basically, I would come here if I was in the area but I don't think it's worth an extended trip down.  Also, I would definitely come here if members of your group like different things. Else's has a great atmosphere and was a very enjoyable experience.   I ordered the vegetarian tacos which were delicious, and finished things off with the chocolate brownie ice cream sandwich.   Not to be missed!The staff were very courteous, friendly, and helpful.   I really enjoyed the experience and I look forward to coming back!Great neighbourhood pub.  Reasonable prices.  Perfect for lunch, a 5a7, or a quiet date. Else's has gone through a lot of changes over the last decade because they only have a restaurant license and periodically re-invent the menu.  The current menu, however, is at the best of its been in years.  Serving sizes and presentation range anywhere from a solid, comfort food lunch to perfect for sharing.  A few of things worth trying include:- the Bison Sliders (2 per serving)- the Shrimp or Pibil Tacos (4 per serving)- or the Philly Cheese Steak (comes with side saladThe place is also a solid bet for a quiet sunday afternoon or pints and cocktails late into the night.  The music is never too loud, and even when it's busy, it doesn't seem to crowded (despite its size). If you're in the 'hood and looking for a satisfying bite or just to catch up with friends or that book you've been working through, you should definitely consider Else's. A chill atmosphere, full of creatives.  In the afternoon, definitely a place where it's okay to fly solo, have a coffee or scotch and food, and focus on your writing, design, or other work.  In the evening, it fills with interesting people. Reasonable prices, friendly staff, artsy ambiance. Such a great spot.  When my Saturday-night plans fell through, I turned to yelp in search of a nearby bar with chill vibes, which led my boyfriend and me to Else's.  The whimsical décor and abundant indoor plants provided ambiance, and the quesadilla did not disappoint.  Enough people filled the moderately sized restaurant so that I felt satisfied my evening of "going out" while avoiding some overcrowded amateur hour.  It's a good spot for a casual date or to catch up with friends.  Keep in mind you have to order food in order to drink because they only have a restaurant license.  I found this a bit off-putting, but then again, I'm new to the area.  I will definitely return, but next time I will come with an appetite. I've been here twice and it always seems like my friends are more impressed by Else's than I am.  This by no means lessens my affection for this place (There is this cured fish and cucumber salad dish that makes me feel like I got punched in the mouth with a pack full of flavour! Though I do wish the portion size was MUCH bigger. . . ), but my friends always seem to pick the dish that's a decent portion and delicious (Fish&Chips, Calamari).  This one friend said the calamari at their place was the BEST calamari he's ever tasted.  Quite the praise if you ask me.  Nonetheless, if you're in Montreal and you want to bring your friends to a chill and cozy place with great ambiance,  I think Else's would be a great choice.  They have quite a selection of drinks and great food.  I'm the type of person where if I happen to recommend a restaurant that my friends like, I always feel like I take full responsibility of the meal as though I'm the chef.  Therefore, Else's would probably be my best bet for a great recommendation. Fantastic hangout spot with decent food and a great atmosphere.  The only negative is that they DO NOT ACCEPT VISA, only cash and debit. Great atmosphere, nice date place.  Good beer selection.  My only qualms are that the service has been pretty bad on several of the occasions that I've been here, and you have to order food to drink (although that's a pretty minor issue, as they have some cheap dishes to get around that).  I'd recommend if you're looking for something relaxed and don't mind waiting for service. Pretty cool spot with amazing food.  You definitely got to try their hotsauce, it is awesome. Great neighbourhood bar/tapas  place  to take a date.   The vibe inside is really cool and the wait staff is super friendly. Amazing scotch /wine list and a really cool inexpensive tapas style menu with about 10-15 items that always change.  They have meat and vegetarian options and a couple great dessert options as well. MUST try the warm citrus infused calamari salad.  It is the best salad I have ever had hands down!  Simple and fresh.  Calamari is not fried.  The beans and calamari was cooked perfecto! Also this Salad has a kick to it so kudos on that! Great atmosphere and hanging out with the locals! Ask for Vanessa, she took great care of us! Just come chill here!!!!Went there last night after reading glorious reviews on yelp and was slightly disappointed - it's very standard.  Food isn't great - just ok (we had the chili con crane, veg burger and fajita), and the beer is great - same as any other pub around.  It was a nice place to seat and catch up with an old friend, where the music isn't too loud, but soon after our plates and glasses went empty we were served the bill (without asking), as if to hint that we should leave. Check the review they did at The Main! themainmtl. com/2014/12/0…Wow, just walking by, liked the look of it and boy were we rewarded! Seems a very neighborhood place, but very interesting food and flavors.   Raves from our party on everything on the menu, and finally a decent IPA in Montreal !I don't know who to be mad at. . .  this "bar" or Yelp.  Walked in after reading all the good reviews wanting to enjoy a drink in a nice atmosphere on a Friday night away from the over crowded St.  Laurent.  Walked in and asked to sit at the bar to enjoy a drink. . . the employee responds "this is a pub you have to order food not just drinks"    What!?!     I am not from Montreal so I do not know if this is a regular thing, but later that night having to find another bar I asked the door man if we had to order food or could we just have drinks. . .  he just looked at me with confusion and laughed telling me no you can just order drinks. . . I don't know why yelp has you under bars (bars you can order just drinks) or American (in america ((minus fast food)) you can go to a restaurant, sit at the bar, and just order drinks). . .  bottom line Im sure this place is awesome. . . if you are going to order food, but if you want to order just drinks and relax. . . go elsewhereA hidden gem in Montreal , this place has a dive bar feel despite its location.   A pretty good selection of beers on tap and bottle,not an extensive list.  The menu is a unique take on small plates and bar food with numerous vegetarian options.  All the workers were friendly and helpful . The decoration was a little interesting but overall this was a great experience . 