Went here on a bachelor party dinner (a little bit of classy before a whole lot of trashy).  Please don't judge LOL. ANYWAY. . .  This is definitely one of my top-5 favorite restaurants.  Best man was buying - we did the Chef's choice 12+ course meal, and it was phenomenal! I can't even begin to recount each and every item, other than each was delicious and left me wanting more. There is some crazy twist to each and every course.  Perhaps with a few the crazy twist was a little "over the top" and that serving could have used a bit more simplicity, but that's me being really picky. . .  There's truly nothing that could be said negative about the flavor and excitement of each and every serving. I'll be back - this will become my costly, guilty pleasure every time I visit Montreal.  And I highly, highly recommend to anyone considering it - don't hesitate! Amazing!We went to Europea for their lunch.  For $35, it was a truly amazing gastronomical experience.  Upon arrival, I was amazed by the interior decor, it was as fancy as a Michelin starred restaurant.  The service was also impeccable, the server took my coat and my shopping bag.  We first got the complimentary beef jerky, then the lobster cappuccino, the salmon starter followed by the scallop and ended with a dessert of your choice.  I have to say, all the dishes were very creative and presentable, which elevated the entire dining experience.  However, even though the dishes were feast to my eyes, not very much to my tastebuds.  There are other restaurants in Montreal with better tasting food.  And their dessert were lacking flavours.  Still, I would definitely come back to Europea, I enjoy their artistic touch to every single dish, their classy ambience, amazing service and just a fantastic meal with friend.  Strongly recommend this restaurant if you don't feel like joining the tourists in old Montreal. This place is definitely unique and one of the dining hallmarks of MTL.  Let me preface this by saying that just based on the taste of the food itself vs price this place would likely be a 4-4. 5 out of 5, as the taste wasn't mind-blowing and I've had some similar dishes elsewhere for cheaper.  However, this resto kills it when it comes to unique presentation and service, honestly that's what its all about!Examples: dessert was a "tree" with cotton candy as the leaves and pastries on the branches.  One appetizer came in a giant book instead of a plate and had smoke coming out when you opened it.  Honestly, the restaurant gets away with some really crazy ideas that somehow still works.  It'll confuse your taste buds but you definitely won't (shouldn't) dislike it! I had the bass filet with beet noodles which apparently was one of their signature dishes and it was really really good and freshly steamed! The portions may be small but if you do their course menus you'll definitely be full.  Go for the food, stay for the experience. An amazing meal and experience.  You must eat here!If you have the time, the tasting menu is well worth it.  We had the 12 course menu which took about 3. 5 hours for the 5 of us.  Wonderful service, exquisite presentation and flavour.  A memorable meal. At the end of the meal, we were even offered a drive home from their valet service! I very highly recommend this restaurant.  One of my top meal experiences. Let me tell you, this restaurant is basically like being in a Harry Potter movie.  Each dish has some sort of wizardry involved with smoke coming out or some kind of special effect.  It was to the point where I ended up video recording the entire dinner.  I was definitely blown away by the presentation as they were critical on each detail.  It was a dining experience to remember.  I just wished the food tasted as good as it looked.  It was very plain and had no flavor at all.  There was no creativity as it seems they had put all their attention on the presentation.  At the end of the night, I did not remember a single dish I enjoyed.  Be aware that this place is extremely expensive.  I curled up in fetal position and cried after I saw the bill.  It is one of those restaurants that you can show your friends pictures and videos to make them jealous from how amazing all the food looked.  Let's be real though.  This is just to compensate that void and pain you are still feeling from swiping your card. I was greatly looking forward to dinner at Europea but left sadly underwhelmed.   The service was amazing, the presentation of the food was beautiful, the cocktails (and wines) were delicious, and all the amuse bouches and little touches they give were great. . . but the food itself was underwhelming. We tried the $120 tasting menu (I think 10 courses in all) and weren't really blown away by any of the dishes.  The only things I would recommend ordering from the tasting menu (which you can order separately!) are the lobster cream cappuccino w/truffle puree and either the sea bass filet or the clay pot cornish hen entree.  Everything else was forgettable and didn't challenge or inspire my palette. . . or otherwise move me in any way. Such a shame because the restaurant is beautiful and the service is wonderful, but the price tag is too steep for a forgettable meal. (Also, I noticed someone commented on the poor state of the restrooms and laughed it off.  That comment was completely true and warranted.  When I went to the restroom, there was urine all over the seat AND floor - something I don't expect to see at a fast food restroom, let alone a place as pricey as Europea!)We went to Europea expecting to be blown away by an experience similar to that of Per Se or a Michelin star restaurant based upon the reviews here.  This place has pretty good food.  The service is excellent.  But, unfortunately, I was not blown away by any one dish.  The flavors never challenged my palate.  There was something about eating here that felt very assembly-line-ish.  Every table had the same amuse bouche.  Every table was eating the same Lobster Cappuccino.  Every table had the same desserts.  So while the food was pleasantly presented, it didn't feel like it was served with love.  I imagined rows of hundreds of beef jerky apps lined up forever in the kitchen.  Europea puts you through the motions of a fine dining restaurant, but without very much choice or personal aspect to the food.  It's a bit like swimming in a pool as a child vs a creek.  Sure, the pool is a safe bet.  But it's sanitized.  The creek has characted and memories.  Eating here after eating at the small family restaurant Toroli made me feel sad that this type of experience is what we call fine dining.  The meal experience at Europea was clearly designed to appease tourists and wanna-be foodies.  I was not impressed by the thin veneer.  If I'm going to pay $60 for lunch, I want to be blown away by the food.  This simply did not happen.  It was a safe experience with little culinary adventure involved.  Don't be fooled Yelpers, this is not a 4. 5/5 experience. Amazing experience!!!! Nothing like this place.  So, trendy and classy! The service-impeccable.  The decor-1st class, cutting edge with a hip like club feel.  The food-masterful flavored.  The drinks-tasty and smarty mixed.  The presentation-art on a plate.  This place is the standard of excellence and food creativity.  This place really deserves 10 stars. **Note: If you are in LOVE with someone then this is the place to add to your loving experiences. So, check it. . . I ordered the Cesar Salad soup, which was oddly delicious. . .  the Lobster civet with lemon confit, which was crazy bursting with flavors and their sample desserts. . also amazingly good! I would move to Montreal just to be a regular at this place!!! GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Let me preface this with my boo thang and I arrived late (around 9:30pm) for our 9pm reservation.  As such, our meal was very rushed and the food tasted stale and reheated.  We were rushed to our seats and promptly began our meal with the amuse-bouche appetizers (which was our favorite part of the meal).  The beef jerky, truffle popcorn, and cheddar crisps were delicious.  Seconds after, we were served stale, reheated bread with hard butter fresh from the fridge.  Cheddar cigars were then brought to our table, along with risotto balls (also very delicious, but so is anything stuffed with hot cheese).  After the onslaught of finger food, we finally ordered.  The lobster cappuccino was good, but it was more of a lobster bisque in a cup.  You couldn't really taste the truffle - wasn't anything particularly extraordinary.  We were then served "a big book, but a short story" which was full of maple smoke (surprising and very entertaining) and a small smoked salmon tart.  After, we received our appetizers - calamari noodles with (what seemed like) Alfredo sauce and fish eggs, while my Prince Charming's was scallops with lobster beet ravioli.  I preferred my lover's dish, he preferred mine.  We then received a very odd palette cleanser - Yuzu sorbet with cucumber and a very bitter citrusy foam.  Not to our liking, the bitterness and chunky texture of minced cucumber with the sorbet was off-putting. The entrees were pretty good, but again - nothing too extraordinary.  My honey-boo-boo noted that it was nothing he couldn't discern from his own cooking.  The pre-desert was overwhelming and contained a plethora of sweets - from cotton candy to macarons and white chocolate madeleines.  Then we received the actual desert, at which point I had already contracted diabetes.  It was a raspberry sorbet on top of a fresh cream on top of a blueberry cobbler (for the love of God, do not mix this together).  My boyfriend and I felt like toddlers on a sugar-high before nap-time - slightly nauseous and not likely to sleep anytime soon. Overall the meal was good, but nothing as amazing as the presentation of the food would lead you to believe.  Atmosphere of the restaurant was slightly confusing as it was a French/Japanese fusion (the change back and forth between upbeat French cafe tunes and zen garden music was a journey in itself). Good, but not good enough to come back.  I think this is largely to do with our running late and the restaurant attempting to close on time - our dining experience was slighted as a result. Over the top perfection.  We had the larger of the tasting menus at our table of five.  We had trouble deciding what items were our favourite because there were so many excellent things.  It was a long and perfectly enjoyable experience. Among the favourites: lobster cappuccino, calamari pasta, Cornish hen, sea bass, cotton candy and pop rock/chocolate hazelnut sucker. If you are like me: love culinary art, and willing to spend a small fortune to celebrate a great occasion, then this is the great place to go.   Trust me, you will have an unforgettable evening out.  We went for the cheaper wine selection at just over $100 a bottle which turned out to be a perfectly paired wine.  Recommend their tasting menu, and every meal is a new mind blowing experience presented with remarkable creativity and sophistication.  It's a habit of mine to inspect the washroom and I am knocking off one star, as I was now expecting it to be as impressive as the course meal and the service. Nice looking food but the taste definitely not worth the price. The best meal of our trip here to Montreal.   Food was delicious, atmosphere was nice, service was perfectly timed and wait staff paid excellent attention to my entire family including two twelve year olds who know how to eat.   Make reservations and you won't be disappointed. The food was creative, with many excellent extras such as lobster cappuccino, risotto balls, smoked salmon, and a passion fruit panne cotta for pre dessert.   The presentation was really neat for many of these extras.   For main dishes, the steamed sea bass was particularly delicious as was the beef  entree.   The food was cooked perfectly.   The cotton candy tree was a particular hit with the girls.   My wife and I had the fixed price 3 course meal and the rest of the family just had entrees.   With all the extras that we all had, we were stuffed by the end.   The size of the entree portions for the fixed price meal were the same as the individual entrees.   They also offer a tasting menu which is about 8 courses. The wait staff were knowledgable, helpful but not obtrusive.   They made us feel at home and treated my kids equally as I'm sure they don't always get younger patrons. If we come to Montreal again, I will remember to make dinner reservations here.   Well worth it. Vegans and vegetarians take note! Two full multi course menus available.  Creative and beautiful. Everyone was very respectful and careful to serve according to restrictions.  It was my second time going with the vegan dégustation option and I highly recommend it. Just the best restaurant in Montreal.  No contest.  No contest!Order the menu degustation or the table d'hote. What an experience we had!! One of the best in Montreal! Just woow!! All the effects! The service! The taste!! All 5 stars! And its totally worth the amount we paid! What a fun way to serve smoked salmon- in a book, which you open and smoke/steam escapes out of it! It was amazing!! Perfect for a date!!! Great job Europea!!If you are looking for somwthing special, try it! You wont be disappointedThis restaurant was special.  Sooo much food but its presented in such a creative way.  Truly shows the chefs artistic imagination with culinary art.  Everyone should experience this amazing place. Thank you for everything and hopefully ill be able to come back!!I and my lovely girlfriend went to Europea for our anniversary.  It is a fancy looking restaurant and the decor is elegant.  Service is great as well.  We ordered the signature tasting menu and a regular tasting menu.  All the dishes are well dressed and decorated with beautiful and colorful looking.  However, as a high-end restaurant, the taste of their food are definitely not worth the price.  I think they spend more time and effort on the emotional experience of the customer instead of the essential element which is the taste of the food.  Overall, it is a nice restaurant but over priced.  I would go have a great experience with my loved one for once, but definitely not come back again. I have been trying to described what Europea is and settled on theater where the different courses are the acts. Simply super, presentation, quality, service, attention, flare, sophistication and on and on.  Still in awe of the experience. I was there with a group on a Friday and the place was packed.  By far one of the best restaurants in Montréal with a great wine selection. A great place to celebrate a milestone in your life. The evening started off great! Great service and the amuse bouche and the small dishes in between the courses were unique and tasted so good.  The lobster cappucino was delicious.  My husband was happy with the wines he tried.  We really liked the panna cotta that was served with the other little desserts at the end. Where they lost points was the the slide in service once they got busy.  We purposely came at 6:00 pm, knowing it would take at least 2 hours for dinner, which I don't mind because I didn't expect anything different from a high end restaurant.  We don't like to feel rushed.  Back to when they got busy. . . . the attention was lacking once we hit our main course.  Main course was a disappointment in comparison to the flavours and presentation of dishes prior to.  I tried their lobster and sweetbreads, which was not bad, but the flavours were a bit off.  I can't quite put my finger on what exactly, but the flavour of the dish wasn't great.  My husband ordered his steak medium-rare, but it came medium-well to well.  We would have indicated this had we been checked on.  But alas, our server did not come around until he had already finished the meal to ask how everything was.  When we mentioned about the steak, he basically said "oh, ok".  That's it.  I would expect a place like this would offer some type of compensation (I'm not expecting a free meal or anything, but at least offer something to keep a patron happy).   That was one point lost there. Then, there was my husband's entree (appetizer).  He had ordered the scallop with radish ravioli.  The menu suggested it was an XXL scallop.  When it came out, it was more like a medium sized scallop, which would be ok had they not said XXL.  Another point lost. Finally, they mentioned on the menu that you can ask for a tour of their kitchen.  I was interested in this and asked about it just before the main.  Server said they'd be delighted and will speak to his manager to arrange this.  At the end of our meal, we just received our bill and he said have a nice evening.  I expected more for what you paid, so another point docked. This place really had great potential, but fell short in certain areas that cannot be overlooked for a place you're paying $300 for two people.  We've definitely had better experiences elsewhere.  We would give it another try, but probably wait a few years as their menu choices are pretty limited and doesn't seem to change.  Tip: If you don't want to go all out with the tasting menu, go for ordering off the regular menu and not the Table d'hote.  You get the same experiences either way with the small dishes in between.  The only difference is you get a dessert with the Table d'hote (which wasn't great and you basically pay regular price for it).  Also, the options for the main under the Table d'hote is limited.  I didn't have the Table d'hote and just ordered the foie gras for entree and lobster and sweetbreads as the main. If you want to have a different culinary experience just go there and they will amaze you with their original dishes and presentation and flavors , it is a mixture of art and flavor and presentation in each dish done by the most sophisticated chef in Montreal , he takes care to make each client a VIP In his restaurant while his very caring staff  don't leave you a second without assistance , deserves to be number one in Montreal ! BravoHad too much expectations on this restaurant for its price, but is not as good as we thought.  This place put a lot of effort on presentation and service, however I value taste more than those.  The food is not bad but it's definitely not great - and I believe the chef comes from Asian aspect since we found some similarities among the meal.  And Chinese restaurant always serves better Chinese food. Great experience at this restaurant with the staff.   We came in last minute for dinner when some other plans fell apart.   Suggestion from our concierge for a good dinner.   Took a look at the tasting menu and the wine pairing.  The menu had some dishes that we thought looked more up our alley so we opted to make our own multi course tasting menu and then challenged the sommelier to make a wine pairing to go with our made up tasting menu.   The staff was great splitting the plates and the chef did a great job of making the splits look like individual tastes instead of splitting stuff on a plate and it looking like someone just took a hatchet to it.   The wine pairings were great as well.   Overall excellent food and a great experience.   The staff made this a great experience which I would highly suggest in Montreal.   My best meal in Canada between all three cities. . .  Quebec, Montreal, and Toronto. One of my favorite things to do is take the afternoon off and go to Europea for lunch.  I opt for the chef's tasting menu then I sit back and enjoy the next 3 exciting hours.  Treat yourself to creative dishes, high quality food, impeccable service and an elegant environment.  I have always found the chef's tasting menu to be extremely generous and a great value during the lunch hour.  You won't be disappointed! I have been to Europea for the supper time service as well but I find it a better value to go at lunch time.  Just to give you an idea, the last time we spent $500 for two people at the supper time service - but you get what you pay for :) Worth every penny!If you are looking for a formal place where they will impress you with the creativity and taste of the food and money is no problem, this is the place.  But personally, there are cheaper options  with comparable food, if not better. Amazing Culinary Experience.  We just saw great reviews and only a few blocks from our hotel so walked over and luckily got a seat.  We got the meal of our life.  6-10 different small plates just come with dinner.  Venison Jerky, Goat cheese lollipops, lemon cucumber Sorbet, smoked salmon, lobster cappuccino, and a wide range of deserts.  That was on top of the wonderful Venison tartar and Calamari appitizers we ordered and the Lobster and steak for dinner.  Everything was amazing! Best calamari I have ever had.  So tender! Lobster was done perfect.  In fact everything was perfect from the ambiance to the service to the food.  Yes it costs a little, but it's well worth it.  Go, you won't be disappointed!A culinary feast!  My hubby and I chose the pre fix 12 course meal.   We literally dined for 2 1/2 hours.    Each dish was filled with rich intense yet different flavors.   Presentation is definitely part of the dining experience.    The staff was very nice and the service is excellent.  A definite must try. Exceptional foodie experience, very fine dining and original wine pairing.  Lots of creativity and almost everything perfectly executed.  Expensive but sooo good! Will definitely go back!!!(nothing polish at all here!)I really wanted to like this place.  But another disappointment yet in the foodie trip this time in Montreal.  It must be because we are not used to "good" as defined by Montreal.  People are friendly for sure.  So it's not because of service.  We had lunch reservation on a tues in May.  We both got the decouverte menu.  I chose to add the foie gras for $12.  First came the cappuccino with lobster.  Very tasty! Then the foie gras was good.  Wasn't spectacular like the stuff we had in Quebec City but definitely above average.  Then my main course of the scallop came.  It was not fresh and had sand all over it.  My hubby had the short rib and was Terrible.  It was tough and bitter.  Sauce was salty.   He gave up on it after 2 bites.  We both exchanged for the seabass.  Filet.  It was much better but not exactly tasty.  I guess we have been spoiled dining all over the world.   For French food you definitely cannot beat France.  In particular we loved the wine and champagne regions - Bordeaux and Epernay!What an experience! It's important to note that if you order from the a la carte menu (rather than the tasting menu), you're still getting bite-sized samplers of a lot of dishes along the way.  While our main dishes were delicious, because you're getting a lot of samplers both before and after your main course meal, the experience becomes more about these samplers, rather than the main course dish you actually ordered.  So if you are agonizing between two main courses -- don't fret and just order whatever "speaks" to you the most.  In the end, you'll likely be nearly full before the main dish even gets to you, so it doesn't really matter.  We had approximately six pre-main course samplers and each one was delicious and beautifully presented, and after our main course, we had approximately seven different dessert tastings (including cotton candy, macaroons, cookies, and madelines! -- is it obvious how much of a sweet tooth I have?) Europea is my new favourite restaurant for special occasions.  We were a group of six on a budget so we all only ordered main dishes (with tax and tip this came out to about $70 per person).  But it was the best $70 meal I've ever had.  It was fun to see what sampler was coming out next, and it made for some interesting conversation and was a truly unforgettable experience.  Perfect for all occasions -- anniversaries, birthdays, promotions, first dates, wooing business clients, vacations -- atmosphere is elegant and classy but not stuffy.  Might not be good for a person on a diet, a person with a lot of allergies, vegans or vegetarians who don't eat fish/seafood.  (I mean that sincerely -- you don't get to select your samplers so it's hard to "track calories" if that's what you do. )Wow. .  this is a true 5 star and this is what you would call an Experience- Restaurant! They are wonderful hosts and they know all about service.  Even before you fully read and order from the  menu, they bring little amuse-bouche to the table and each of them are utterly delightful.  I ordered the foie-gras (the best I have had), sea bass (cooked to perfection), and the dark chocolate ganache with coconut shavings (was awesome).  Even with the 3-course meal, all the other interim food, made this a very satiating dinner.  It was a 3hour dining experience with not much alcohol.  If you are pairing with drinks, it can be an even longer memorable experience.  True jewel of Montreal!Very good food.  Very different.  French and small portions awesome food.  Nice surprises from the chef.  Definitely worth checking out.  Great service.  Nice romantic location and Martinis were on point. Without question the best meal I've had.  Food and service impeccable.  Words cannot describe. This place is totally 5 star. . . . amazing food. . . and it was a great experience too. . . . it was like a 12 course meal of french cuisine. . . . beautiful service with amazing taste. . . it was our friend's birthday. . . and he throughly enjoyed the food. . . . this place is a must go. . . highly recommended. . . . Excellent experience.  Enjoyed the 10 course tasting menu coupled with the wine pairing.  Every dish had a creative spin on the presentation.  It tasted great also.  The girl I was with was done with her wine after round 6, so I doubled up on the wine glasses from 7 to 10.  Incredible night to say the least.  Bill hit $400, but worth every penny. We will definitely return here.  Excellent top of the line food and service.  Wine was divine.  They are excellent giving wine and recommendations for pairing. I'm a foodie, and have been for the last 30 years or so, when I first became an adult, and able to pay for my own dinner. Europea is probably among the top 3 places I've ever eaten.  I judge a restaurant by food (includes taste, freshness, creativity with ingredients and presentation), service and ambience.  I came here during lunch with my wife, and knew it had good ratings on trip advisor, but wanted to see for myself.  This restaurant is booked up about 10 days in advance, so I was able to get a lunch reservation because of a cancellation.  My wife and I got there 20 minutes early, they checked my reservation and escorted us to a table right away.  The service was phenomenal.  We had the Maitre'D and 2 servers waiting on us.  They came out with Maple cured beef jerky and goat cheese lollipops, with truffle popcorn as a welcome appetizer.  It was great! We ordered a combination of things. . .  the Calamari was sliced to resemble noodles and was so tender and tasty.  I got the mushroom and chestnut soup. . .  amazing! We both got the scallops with root vegetables as the entree; the bitterness of the root vegetables perfectly balanced out the sweetness of the scallops.  At the end for dessert, I got the chocolate and pistachio truffle and my wife got the Creme Brûlée. . .  both were done wonderfully. The combination of the culinary surprises, and the wonderful flavors in those dishes, married with the service gives this place 5 stars in my book.  A must visit.  We probably indulged too much, and had several cocktails, which set the bill high, but if we had one glass of wine a piece, the price would have been about $100. . .  which is about what we spend in NYC for a meal that's not equal at all. An absolute gem of a find, and if you have the opportunity to go there, you will not be let down!I trekked here in 0 degree weather, in uncomfortable heels, over patches of ice - and it was all worth it.  A dinner at Europea is by no means just a meal, but it's an interactive experience, akin to something like Alinea in Chicago (or so I've heard) and Blue Hill Stone Barns which I can attest to.  We started with crispy cheesy "cigars", infused with notes of fragrant truffle, which seemed to be the theme in the beginning.  Following the amuse bouche was another one that can only be described as a delicious bite of a ball of truffle and cheese; I literally just popped the entire thing in my mouth like a bubble gum.  And the other courses of the tasting menu kept coming - a thick and scrumptious lobster soup in a cappuccino-like presentation (also with hints of truffle), an Asian course of fresh sashimi, shrimp dumpling, and tasty seaweed, calamari cut into noodles harmoniously mixed into the yolks of poached quail eggs, hearty scallops with a generous puree sauce, a tiny dish (I think it was a small piece of salmon?) hidden in the inside of a gigantic book, a juicy helping of cornish hen that sat underneath a dome of . . .  something, not sure if that was edible, but basically I took a hammer and smashed it open, revealing the hen all tender and delectable.  The savory part of the tasting menu can't be beat, but the dessert was fantastical, unique, and reminded me of Alice in Wonderland.  The waiter brought a large "tree" made of black wire, embellished with giant fluffs of pink cotton candy; it took me back to carnivals I went to as a kid with the soft strands of sugar immediately melting in my mouth.  Hanging from the "branches" were wrapped goodies, ranging from apple-flavored marshmallows and jelly-filled cookies and macaroons - all absolutely amazing.  There's more! We put whatever sweets we couldn't finish into a large Chinese takeout box, already filled with orangey petite madeleines (sigh . . .  yummm).  And wait - there's even more! The waiter brought over a giant meringue, wrapped in cellophane, like a gift, which would have been perfect with morning coffee, but we unfortunately left that behind.  Nonetheless, it indeed gets an A in my book for the exquisite food, attentive servers, classy ambience, and innovative experiences.  Note that I haven't mentioned all the components of the meal, which means you'll just have to go and see for yourself! Enjoy!We made a reservation on our first night in Montreal without knowing what to expect.  We both chose the chef's degustation menu and were not let down.  The courses were creative and fanciful, service was professional and friendly and ambience was pleasant.  One of the best chef's tastings I've had.  We would definitely return if we make it back to Montreal in the future. Highly recommended!Europea might just be the best meal I've ever had.  I had the tasting menu, which is about $100.  A little pricey but definitely worth it. The tasting menu is a culinary experience to say the least.  The presentation of each item is very interesting and creative.  Everything was amazing.  I particularly loved the lobster cappuccino which was out of this world. This place is simply world class.  Impeccable service as well. The surprises kept coming!  I was excited about this meal but after a few days of seeing the sites around Montreal we considered doing something more casual for the night.  After Europea, we were glad that we went with our reservation!  The number of appetizers treat type items that they bring, one after the other, is truly incredible.  Truffle oil popcorn, homemade jerky on a clothesline, lobster cappuccino, smoke salmon displayed in a wooden box, on and on.  The entrees were very good but the experience was out of this world!Best surprise came at the end when the cotton candy tree, marshmallows, chocolate truffle, and meringue to-go all arrived.  You pay a lot but you are paying for entertainment as well as your meal.  I am cheap/frugal but this was a unique experience worth every Penney. Nothing to say but wonderful, beautiful, delicious experience we have ever had.  And I have to say one of my favorite foie gras I have ever had. I may add that the wine selections were simply delectable.  We simply cannot wait to return for another anniversary.  Tres bien !And incredible one of a kind experience! We both stuck to the prefix menu and I loved the attention to detail and the innovation of all the food, the exceptional service, and overall experience.  The sweets at the end were a bit much but still took most of it home to enjoy later.  This restaurant is first class!  Favorite part of the meal was the lobster cappuccino.  And I don't really like lobster! Incredible!The atmosphere was incredible.  However, some of the courses are not that tasty.  But they all look fancy anyways.  I like the risotto and the lobster coffee.  The foie gras was fantastic.  I love the place anyway. Definitely one of the best restaurants in town.  This is not your everyday restaurant - but perfect for a special occasion.  The tasting menu will take you through an amazing culinary experience.  Each service is very well though of and executed, and the service is friendly yet very profesional.  It's pricey of course, but you will definitely enjoy something new.  A must-try, at least once!The lunches are also very good - faster to match your agenda, and the prices are beyong reasonable for what you will get.  Enjoy!!!I went there with my girlfriend for our 5th anniversary and I must say it was quite an experience.  From the moment we sat down we were taken care of, and they keep serving you little portions of different dishes throughout the dining experience.  I found that extremely smart, as we never had a moment when we were just waiting for food.  You get to try a bunch of different things too so I would definitely recommend this place to foodies. The food itself was just excellent.  Every little portion we got to try was delicious (in particular the lobster cappuccino and the blue cheese lollipops), and our main courses were divine.  My girlfriend got the hen, and it was some of the best chicken she's ever had.  It is cooked in a clay pot, and a waiter showed up with a hammer and told her she would have to break the clay with it before they would put the dish itself on a plate for her.  She thought that was awesome and promptly destroyed it.  :)Dessert was equally impressive, as was the selection of wines.  It is definitely an expensive place, but for a one time experience I think it was worth every penny. Proper week-end indulgenceAfter a terribly disappointing Friday dinner, I was left craving a proper week-end indulgence and Restaurant Europea was it. Entering there were many other patrons who came through the door within seconds of my party but the hostess not only kept a cool demeanor but with the aid of her coworkers gave a warm & sincere welcome to all and quickly seated us.   Jérôme Ferrer, Grand chef also warmly welcomed all the guests. We were well impressed with the elegant ambiance of the upper floor.  This was sign of the good things to come. We attended the Simon Durivage, Friends Brunch, a novelty as Restaurant Europea does not usually serve Brunch, and it was their first time. We started with the viennoiserie; small loaf of brioche (while respectable not my favorite, I prefer Pain Dore's), croissants (the best I've ever tasted) and tasty chocolatines, served with brown whipped butter, plain butter and flower butter (appeared to have violet petals through it).  The Fresh squeezed orange juice was sweet and pulpy.  Creton a tartiner was finer than those served at Cabin a Sucre.  Les oeufs a la Mexicaine de Simon Durivage, looked like the a daisy; the yellow fluffy egg in the centre of the flowered shaped bowl.  The service was impeccable, when I asked about the ladies room I was escorted to it and the gentleman opened the door for me.  Mom enjoyed her Braised Veal La joue de veau du Quebec braisee lentement a ma facon aux ecorces d'agrumes.  Lamelles de pommes fondantes et topinambours & I my scallops with lobster Petonlces XXL saisis et nappes d'une sauce nantaise cirtonnee.  Sa marquise de homard et medaillon confit.  Racines de salsifis braises, immensely. The tableware was unique and elegant, the presentation true art and most important of all the food tasted fantastic.  We will return.  Yum!We ended on the sweet note Tartelette gourmande de nos patissiers, creme chantilly et coulis de fruits rouges et Barbe a Papa. Restaurant Europea does Brunch so well I really hope they'll do it again, even if it's only for the HighLights Festive. Words cannot describe the truly unique journey you go through on their tasting menu.  I'm not even going to try.  It is a show, an experience, and a memory that will last for decades. So I will say this:We paid $99/ea for the 12 course tasting menu, another $64 for 5 wine pairings.  To me that is a lot of money for dinner.  I think this is one of the most expensive meals I have ever had.  It is WORtH EVERY PENNY though, In fact sitting back and reflecting I would value the meal I received that night at $450 per person.  No joke, if tomorrow they increased the price to $299 for the 12 course meal and wine went to $149 I wouldn't even hesitate pulling out my American Express.  They would deserve it.  The food is so incredible and the service exquisite.  I have never felt so highly valued.  I think we had 3-4 waitstaff taking care of us.  I tipped 45% and felt they deserved more. This place is so good I am going to take my wife and fly non-stop from San Francisco to Montreal, have dinner and stay the night and fly back the next day.  This restaurant is truly world class.  It surpassed my every expectation and I will be back annually for anniversaries and/or very special occasions. amazing dining experience from start to finish , the staff courteous , the ambiance cozy , the food was simply amazing   , what a culinary experience , we did the tasting menue , over 16 items , enough to put you're stomach and taste buds into a food coma.  . . . . I was expecting a lot more but was sorely disappointed.  The food did not live up to the hype or the price and the service and decor left much to be desired.  I wouldn't recommend it. Europea was incredible.  Great service, timing of the courses was spot on, perfect portions.  The presentations and creativity are truly unique.  In short, the food was perfect and what you get for the price is very fair.  Not cheap but definitely not overpriced.  I have paid a lot more for less.  Can't wait to go back!Unforgettable experience in Europea, starting from the exceptional welcome to surprising appetite (beef jerky, cheese lollipop. . . ) and to entree.  The presentation of the food was phenomenal.  The lobster cream cappuccino, the sea bass fillet and the clay pot cornish hen entree were excellent.  In fact, I would like to thank their attentive service, especially the restaurant manager's.  At the end of the dinner when I expressed that I was hit by my personal migraine, (nothing from the food), they actually helped me to call a taxi.  That is a 5-star hospitality.  Europea, thank you. Well, we just found our new favourite restaurant in Montreal (thanks Pam Kraft for the recommendation).  Europea on la Montagne St.  We ordered the tasting menu from the front page.   Not inexpensive, but totally worth it The chef starts us off with yummy cheese lolly pops, a cone of popcorn infused with truffle oil (yum) and one of the coolest presentations I've seen in a long time, a "clothes line" of Venison Jerky.  That's all before we even begin our ordered mealNext came a wonderful "cheese stick" and those words do not do justice to the food, or the presentation.  Let's just say we thought we were being offered a cigar by the looks of it.  But when the lid was opened, there lay our yummy treat.  A mind blowing presentation of a finger napkin followed.  Who knew?Next, a smoked salmon (with real, fresh smoke).  It looked like an old antique book, until you lifted the lid, and wonderfully aromatic smoke billowed out.  A lobster cream cappuccino with truffle followed Next a DimSum dish of raw Tuna with Black Sesami and a Shrimp dish with peanut cream.  Oh my. . . . Next was the calamari with poached quail egg and Squid Ink and Garlic Butter Croutons.  Home made foie gras with shrimp something or other. . . . wow, I'm not a big fan of foie gras, but this was amazing.  Oh, did I mention the carrot, green apple and ginger smoothie that came with it?Sea Bass and Beet Root spaghetti follows with a very cool presentation.  Next, a pallet cleanser ofYuzu Freezing Mist.  Imagines little bowls of ice cream, served on a platter with a big bowl of dry ice causing fog to just roll off the platter.   Too coolPan seared Scallop on a hot River Stone (along with a whole bunch of other yummy flavours)Cornish Hen baked in a sealed, breakable clay container.   You are given the hammer to break open the clay pot, before they serve up this scrumptious dish Next a cheese dish followed by a "pre-desert" (I love this concept" with the final actual desert dishThe food, the presentation, the service, and the wine recommendations by Sommlier Jack Grimaudo all added up to an unforgettable evening.   If you are ever in Montreal, and want to treat yourself, this is defiantly the place.  We will be back.  Thanks Europea for an awesome evening.  . Words can't begin to describe my dinner extravaganza at Europea last night.  The food was delicious, the service was impeccable, and the atmosphere was lively.  This was easily one of the best meals of my life; truly a magical birthday experience! Make dinner reservations several weeks in advance and arrive hungry. We came here with our clients, who live here and recommended this restaurant.  Amazing food of world leading quality and full of creativity! So many nice surprises too! Amazing!PROS:1.  One of the most amazing and whimsical dining experiences I've ever had! Absolutely spectacular.  I don't want to give away any surprises but basically each dish is a little magical show in itself and the food was delicious.  Despite costing an arm and half, it's totally worth it.  2.  Service is impeccable. Although Canada doesn't have the Michelin rating, I would imagine that Europea would be apart of the list.   I was very impressed starting from the 3 different butter assortment which included: whipped, salted, and seaweed.   Then came two amuse bouche that were both visually appealing and delicious.   One was a clothes line which hung little pieces of Canadian jerky.   Also had blue cheese fried lollipops and truffle salt covered popcorn.   We were each given a lobster cuppacino which was kind of like a thick version of lobster bisque. I ordred the maple infused foie gras which was additional cost but well worth it.   They give you a large piece of foie gras on top of a hot stone that cooks instantly with a capped glass dome.   Wasn't a fan of the seared scallops or the beef (which was recommended to me by the waiter).  Surprisingly the chicken was actually really moist and tender and probably the best dish.  We were offered an assortment of desserts to choose from the dessert tray.   We tried the macaroon and creme brule.  They also gave us a box of warm madelines to go.  Will definitely be back. When you give them 5 stars it's because they deserve more. .  I passed by without a reservation and decided to try my luck.  The host was so polite and found me a spot and sat me down for a beyond expectations experience.  Ordered an appetizer and a main and got at least 10 amuse bouche in between and then their heartwarming deserts. .  A MUST try . . Europea Restaurant fed us what may be one of the most memorable meals we'll ever have.  If I were to list all of the food they brought us (it's so much more than what you order) this review would be a few pages long, so I'll resist and give you what you need to know.  This is a beautiful restaurant - very classy and romantic setting.  The service is impeccable.  Everyone is friendly, polite and patient (describing dishes again and again) and our server was also hilarious, with a very dry sense of humour.  Not all of the food ranks with the most delicious I've ever had, though it's all very tasty, but the creativity and artistry with which it's presented is. . .  well it's just really something else.  Once you've had a book that lets out a cloud of fragrant wood smoke brought to you to find a single piece of gravlax on lemon cream in a pastry shell inside, you can't really think of a cooler way to have salmon served to you.  Favourite dishes of the many we were brought were the tagliatelle of calamari and the lobster cream cappuccino.  The madeleines and macarons we were served with dessert were also exceptionally good.  This is a very pricey night out, but even at this cost going once is worth it if you can appreciate experiencing food as a total sensory experience rather than based on taste alone.  If you are all about big portions of delicious food (and I can definitely appreciate that), this might not be the restaurant for you, but I'm so glad that we got to go. We were really lucky in having an opportunity to dine at Europea, because when we called nobody picked up but my husband left a message.  We got a very nice and friendly call backfrom the restaurant stating that someone has cancelled their reservation and that we could take their 6pm reservation. When we first got there the exterior looked very nice it had 2 levels but we were guided to walk towards the upper levelOnce we walked it we were greeted by the hostess who offeredto check in our coats, and then we were guided to our table upstairs. Beautiful view we had right beside of the stairs that was next totheir wine cellar, and our waiter was kind to explain the menu to us. We are from Toronto and not all of the waiters/waitress took time toexplain how their menus work so therefore we were really happy he did. We both picked different menus, my husband had the signature tastingmenu for $109. 50 and I had the Table d'hote Discovery for $79. 50the main difference between mines and my husbands choice was obviously with the signature tasting he had more dishes and for mines i had fullsize apps and entree. To start off our experience, it was just as our server said it willbe interesting, we had very cute amuse-boche's !! Just like the photos shown on the site, we had the pesto and cheeselollipops, with popcorn, homemade beef jerky, cheese cigars, and one moreitem that looked like biscuits with olive oil, and fried chips !ALL OF THE AMUSE BUSCHE WAS GOOOD !!!! hands down ! it came quick thohahah a bit to quick because they advise us that due to differentitems that we are getting etc that timing in between meals would be offwhich is fine, because me and my husband love to share food. ( forgot to mention they had risotto truffle balls ( OMG GOOD )Overall the presentation of the food were like art presented, andit was very creative and modern innovated.  We liked how we were very interactive with our food, and how they explained every detailfrom how it's cooked to the components on our plate. Dessert was a very cute and romantic feeling for me personallyit had cotton candy in the shape of a ball on a display with tree branches, and they had little candies/sweets in individualpackages hung on the tree just like the photos you see.  It's sucha cute thing we also had a little take away box to put in our sweetsif we couldn't finish. At the end of our wonderful meal we met John ! Wonderful man whoexplained more about the restaurant and offered to show us the kitchen. You can see the passion he has with his job and the pride of the restaurant. It makes every customer feel like they are just at home even when travellingand that your in good care when your dining with them. Overall I can go on forever if you can see with this very extensive reviewI would recommend this restaurant to everyone and all of my friendsin Toronto and I look forward to coming back soon !More in the blog - highlight dishes mentioned below:The Why: Jerrome Ferrer is kind of a big deal in and around Montreal -Relais & Chateaux, 4-Diamonds, and the praise of many gourmands follow his name and a place in the Chaine des Rotisseurs particularly caught my attention.   Admittedly a fan of fine dining with an agenda that otherwise included Quebecois staples of poutine, pigs feet, and as much maple syrup as I could find Europea seemed a perfect choice for my one solo night in Montreal - a good reason for the suit and tie as opposed to the Patrick Roy jersey, at the very least. The Service:  Whether it was my inability to speak French, the fact that I only ordered one glass of wine, or an effect of the fact that there was a large (14 or so) table of regulars seated directly behind me I will simply say that the service at Europea was lacking.   Twenty minute waits between courses, water unfilled for long periods of time, bread service unreplenished, and an inexplicable twenty minute wait at the end of the meal where not a single server walked within fifteen feet of my table (aside from up and down the stairs) to check in, refill coffee, or offer the bill.   I was an island of one in the dead-center of the restaurant for the majority of my visit - something I've never experienced at such a restaurant and hope to never experience again.   It was mentioned to the manager when I asked to see the kitchen at the end of the evening - he blew me off with an "oh, well, I'm sorry to hear that. "The Food:  $100 tasting menu, one $19 glass of ice wine, complementary canapes, amuses, mignardises, bread service, $4. 50 coffee. Calamari - Tagliatelle of Calamari Carbonara:  With many chefs making squid noodles and turning everything into a haute carbonara I'll simply say this dish could have fallen way short for me, but in fact it was probably the best of the night in terms of innovation and execution as the tender squid was nearly indistinguishable from al dente pasta while the use of a poached Quail Egg, squid ink and garlic butter croutons, and lemon 'caviar' all melded into a bright and balanced sauce - I could have eaten a giant bowl of this and left happy. Foie Gras - Maple:  In a trip filled with fatty fowl liver this was probably the most memorable in terms of 'wow' factor as a thick slice of the lobe arrive previously smoked over maple wood and seared on one side only to be placed on a hot river stone tableside and doused with ice wine allowing it to caramelize under a glass dome as I watched and enjoyed a tasty cloudberry canale meant to 'whet the palate. "  Smoky and unctuous, sweet with a crystalline crust giving way to supple fat - I'd be hard pressed to name five better foie preparations in the last five years. Raviole - Fresh organic-herb ravioli stuffed porcini mushrooms:  Never afraid to serve up the bold flavors, this plate was the very essence of the earth and a perfect lead in to the final savory.   Featuring "Seared Mushrooms picked by Mr Roberts" including a woodsy cascade of Enoki, Shitake, Morels, Honshimiji, and Trumpets served alongside thin noodles stuffed with truffled Enoki puree the dish was completed with buttery morel mushroom froth with the smell greeting you at 10 feet and the flavor every bit as powerful; this plate also returned to the kitchen without a spot.  The Verdict:  With the previously mentioned service flaws frequently marring the otherwise excellent cuisine and my comments about this blown off by the manager clearly tempering my feelings about a return to Europea I have to admit that on the whole the cuisine was quite goodt and at less than $100 before tax/tip (and converting to the US Dollar) Europea would not be out of place amongst the Michelin 1-Star restaurants of New York, Chicago, or San Francisco.   Certainly a bit of attention to detail would be welcomed, but taking into consideration the ravioli, squid noodles, and foie gras I cannot deny that the meal was a memorable one. Was the most expensive meal we had while in Montreal.   We went with the smaller tasting menu which was still more than enough food.  It was a very visually appealing meal.   For the price and after reading the reviews we expected to be dreaming about this meal and we weren't.  Very good and solid meal but for the price we expected more. The restaurant is beautiful and classy from the moment that you walk in.  They took our coats and seated us promptly.  The table on the top floor near the stairs bounced from time to time as people walked heavily.  The presentations were beautifully prepared, the wine menu was extensive.  The presentations were fun, but I was more interested in the underlying food.  The popcorn was too old and hard, the cigars too salty, the smoke from the salmon box was delightful.  The butters were interesting and the bread fresh but overly crusty.  The clafoutis was served in an incredible little dish.  The foie gras was good but not the best that I have ever had, the caramelization was a bit too deep, the canele didn't have the crisp exterior, though the cloudberry was nice.  The veal cheek was incredibly beefy in flavour, the potatoes on top were wonderful.  Dessert was beautiful to behold but not as sweet as I would have liked.  The champagne macaron didn't really have a great champagne flavour, but the macaron was well made. Do this for the experience.  The delights of having different plates put in front of you with interesting containers.  It's a beautiful presentation and the service. (see explanation of ratings below)5 of 5 stars (excellent, fine dining). One of the most memorable meals of our lives.   Huge emphasis on creative showmanship and presentation. About $90 per person, one cocktail each, no dessert, tax (15%) included, gratuity not included. Allow 2. 5 hours for the smaller of the two price fixe menus. Simply wonderful event from start to finish.  We had about six amuse bouches including:-Cheese "lollipops" with truffle popcorn-jerky on a clothesline-cheese "cigars"-mini corn muffins-book of smoking smoked salmon-assorted mini dessertsGreat service and very good sommelier, Jack Grimaudo.  About my ratings:Only high-priced dining establishments can garner five stars.   Until yelp realizes that a fast food joint cannot possibly be ranked equally with a $100 per person place, I need to draw the line somewhere.   If we were only talking about the quality and presentation of the food, it would be a different story.   But, as we know, yelp's rankings take into account the entire dining experience. Therefore, I divide restaurants into three categories (and I wish yelp would do the same):1) fast food and "fast-casual", low-priced (no table service). 2) casual, mid-priced dining (table service, average entrée price: $10-$20). 3) fine, high-priced dining (linen napkins, no plastic cups, no TV's in dining room, average entrée priced at more than $20, can vary depending on the city). High-priced dining can earn a max of five stars.   Mid-priced dining can earn a max of four stars.   Fast food can earn a max of three stars. It is not often that you get to eat cotton candy and Foie Gras in the same meal.  Europea is a very special restaurant, and provides an experience to match. We were greeted, seated and provided with a load of laundry: two little beef jerkeys hung up on a tiny washing line, accompanied by goats cheese lollipops.  This sets the tone for a meal at Europea. We opted for the tasting menu, but chose to pair it with a glass of our own selection.  Their wine list is very expansive, and will accompany any palette. The tasting menu is a series of delights interspersed with very pleasant surprises. I'll try not to spoil it for anyone who wants to try the tasting menu, but it was a flawless dining experience. 5 stars for the experience, 4 stars for the food.  Great service, very interactive, and a creative menu.  Desserts were fantastic.  The meal was also very good (not all were hits but most were quite tasty) and would definitely go back. Fabulous experience.  Food was very imaginative.  Service was very attentive.  Wine list very strong.  A true event.  Give yourself 3h to be safe.  Don't read about the dishes here.  Most fun if you are surprised. Perfect.  Great experience.  Such a tremendous attention to details.  And we are talking abut food, not a powerpoint presentation.  Was pleasantly surprised by both food, and service.  The way they serve it, is simply a performance.  But make sure you come in early, when the floor is not that packed, otherwise the waiters won't have enough time to present the food to you.  High cuisine / almost Art :).  Definitely coming back again next time I am in Montreal. CAVEAT: We came on high recommendations from our friends who have always gotten great suggestions from so perhaps our anticipations caused some of the let down. Tried the $99 tasting menu, it was packed full of surprises and creative presentation of food, but while some items stood out as amazing, some were not quite at the standard we would expect at such an establishment.   Overall the dishes were solid and I do appreciate the effort put into the meal, but I really did not expect some of the disappointments from a top-scale fine dining restaurant. . . Personal Highlights:*Lobster cream Cappuccino with truffle puree*Tagliatelle of lemony calamari.  Poached quail egg, squid ink and garlic butter croutons*Maple bark stewed pan-seared foie gras, caramelized on a river stone with ice wine.  Cloudberry cannelé (be prepared, the portion is huge, probably twice the size of what you'd normally expect to see)*Pina Colada (pineapple puree, coconut foam, rum jelly. . . so delicious, perhaps the best part of desserts for me)Disappointments:*The surprise starting treats (truffle popcorn, goat cheese lollipop. . . etc) were enticing to the eye, but the bits that were suppose to be crispy were all crunchless and a bit soggy. *Wild Sockeye salmon cooked in breakable clay -- the presentation was fun and concept of clay baking was intriguing, but our salmon was way overcooked, which was such a let down!*Cornish hen cooked in hay-lined pot -- Again, loved the concept and presentation, but the hen was way overcooked and dry.  The hen broth infused with galangal was delicious though, but it could not save what essentially tasted like bland overcooked chicken breasts. . . such a shame!We did the prestige wine pairing, which was nice, but in hindsight, I'm not sure if we might have done better trying other wines.   Pairing the Krug with the fois gras was a lovely touch, but not sure if that justified the $125 price tag if you aren't dazzled by the Krug.  Of the 5 wines, the VPZ Catalan, Cuvée "FERNAND VAQUER" 1991, was nice enough, but stood out to be more disappointing of the choices, instead of "smokey nose with notes of fig" ours reminded me more of a tawny port, perhaps its harder to control quality for these older vintages. Overall, if you have never been and would like an evening of creative fine dining in Montreal, I recommend still Europea.  I would, however, skip the signature tasting and opt for the  $69pp "Table d'hôte découverte" (still has a bunch of surprises), and unless you love some Krug, there's no need to go for the "prestige" pairing.   Our friends came on different night when the head sommelier, Jack Grimaudo was in the house, they found him to be extremely knowledgeable and engaging.   Unfortunately, we had a different sommelier on our evening and he seemed rather unenthusiastic about describing the pairing choices or in answering any questions. Having dined at Michelin establishments in Europe, I have to admit that this comes pretty close to deserving at least a star if not more.  We were visiting montreal for the weekend and had already made reservations couple of weeks ago.  Reservations seem extremely hard to come by at a convenient time, so reserve early to avoid disappointment.  As soon as we were seated the food mostly in tapas style started arriving.  It was presented in a quirky way especially the prosciutto chips hanging on a clothesline.  Some dishes did not hit the mark from a taste perspective but scored high marks on culinary genius and creativity.  The initial barrage of tapas left me in a food coma and I was not quite sure how much capacity I had left in me to get to the main part of the meal.  They offer 2 different tasting menus and I think it's a great value for the price, we chose the smaller of the 2 tasting menus.  We were served by different servers throughout our meal and I only had issues with one of them since they did not handle my cocktail request very well.  HighlightsLobster cream Cappuccino with truffle - How can you not like this combination? I was salivating the minute I saw this dish on the menu. Goat cheese lollipops with parmesan - Heavenly, need I say more !Scallops - Delicious crust and the risotto was a perfect pairing with the earthiness of the mushroomsRavioli - We cleaned up this plate upto the last tiny morsel!DisappointmentsMaple bark stewed pan-seared foie gras, caramelized on a river stone with ice wine - This is a test of patience especially when the end product doesnt meet your expectations.  The presentation is fun and you have to wait for the foie gras to cook itself on the hot stone.  Unfortunately the temperature of the stone was higher than necessary which had an overall impact on the flavors I could taste.  I think their earlier combination with mushrooms looks more appealing to me. The dessert was presented in a creative way (like a fried egg) but from a flavor perspective it did not pack a sweet punch.  If you looking for a fun and adventurous dining experience, look no further than Europea.  They change their menu every season, I can't wait to go back in the fall or spring to try out the inventive cuisine. Europea is definitely one of my favourite restaurants.  Within every course, you receive a surprise and end up being delighted with every bite.  Complements to the chef.  And make sure to save room for desert. A little more whimsy than I normally prefer in a meal, but everything was very good.  The "cigars" to start the meal were fantastic.    Definitely would recommend the tasting menu, though some of  the options that were not on the tasting menu looked delicious as well. great food, amazing presentation, formal but relaxed atmosphere with great staff. I'm not sure why someone classified their menu as Polish / French, but I can assure one and all, that the menu is very, very french. The only thing I have to say about Europea is there is going out to dinner to eat, and going out to dinner to dine.  Going to Europea, is going out to dine and experience food using all 5 of your senses.  The food was beautiful to see, sometimes to hear, smell, feel, and taste. My wife and I had the 99$ taster menu with wine pairing and every glass of wine / champagne complemented the plate in front of us beautifully.  We were able to see and feel the passion and knowledge the sommelier had for the wine/champagne he was serving us.  The server, explained to us eloquently in French and English the plate in front of us what we were about to have served.  All in all, the service from the moment we walked into the restaurant, until we left was impeccable; we were even asked if a cab was needed as we paid the bill and one was waiting for us, as we walked out the door a few minutes later. I've dined at some of the best restaurants around the U. S.  and abroad.   THIS restaurant now is in my TOP FIVE ALL-TIME BEST list, from the standpoints of innovation and creativity, presentation quality, food quality, ambiance, and service.   I highly recommend the prix fixed menus; also, if you can get seated at the "chef's table" or one of the other two in direct view of their open kitchen, it's a special treat.   Extremely pricey, but well worth it for a special occasion.  My server was personable, very knowledgeable, and had a great sense of humor, too.   He assisted me in making food/wine pairings, and his recommendations were spot on.   I challenge you to find a better restaurant ANYWHERE.   A truly memorable dining experience, and one I can HIGHLY RECOMMEND without hesitation. . . .  simply EXTRAORDINARY. Europea was excellent from start to finish.  The wait staff is attentive and knowledgeable.  The food is absolutely delicious.  Every course you could not ask for anything more delectable.  My husband and I went here for a small trip to Montreal celebrating our wedding anniversary.  This was literally one of the top three things about our entire trip.  We were not expecting to have one of the best meals of our lives in Canada but we sure did at Europea.   It's also not just the five star food it's the entire dining experience.  The wine list was also very very extensive and I appreciate that they had a wine connoisseur available to suggest what wines we should try.  If you are in Montreal you're missing out if you do not go !Oh dear.  Where to begin? The Europea team definitely deserves a four-star rating for effort as they did try their best to present themselves as a five-star restaurant, but unfortunately that was the exact theme for the night. . . .  " To Try. " Yoda would not be pleased.  Everything from the service to the endless stream of courses upon courses had the definite perception of trying to emulate a high-end gourmand experience, but unfortunately they never succeeded in fully convincing.  The decor would have been befitting in a casual dining cafe, and crispy bacon hanging from from a rack. . .  where have I seen that before? Dishes such as the lobster cappuccino and cornish hen smoked with hay were reminiscent of signature dishes at other better-known nouvelle establishments, but arguments on originality and creativity aside, nothing was a revelation to my taste buds.  Classic case of quality over quantity - I would rather have been presented the set number of advertised courses that were executed to perfection over a myriad of so-so and "almost-there" bits that Europea elected to serve instead.  Sadly, this is the only restaurant experience that I have actually been genuinely bored at - after about 9 courses and two bottles of wine we were ready to cut our losses and signaled the waiter for the bill.  Montreal has too many restaurants serving French classics to justify spending it for mediocre haute cuisine at Europea.  We had a fantastic time at other nearby restaurants with better food at a fraction of the price!I'm back after a long hiatus from writing reviews.  I've been quite busy over the past few months.  My wife and I recently went to Europea to celebrate a special occasion.  I consider Jerome Ferrer to be one of the most premier chefs in Montreal.  So needless to say that I've really been looking forward to eat there and had high expectations. We had the tasting menu, and as everybody previously mentioned,the service and presentation were intricate and impeccable, if not somewhat intimidating.  Maybe that was the reason as to why I didn`t enjoy my experience as much as I would have wanted.  I just never felt comfortable at my table.  As for the food, I have to say that none of the dishes particularly struck me taste wise.  There were no misses but there were also no dishes that will make me run back to this restaurant.  The amuse-bouche and the vast array of desserts were most probably the best part.  In all, a good meal but I may have set my expectations way too high.  A good restaurant to come to on an expense account.  Otherwise, there are other better tasting menus in the city. Im not clear what the hype is all about.   The concept behind the food and decor felt dated to the late 90s.    The atmosphere was repressed/quiet.   The food was so-so.   Most of it tasted pre-prepped from earlier in the week or afternoon. We chose the degustation menu with the wine pairing.   The food had a few standouts: lobster cappuccino, the lobster scampi and the desserts.   Basically I learned that the chef makes excellent lobster stock.   Everything else was pretty unremarkable.   The cute "surprises" that they send out were fun, but the flavors just weren't there.   Showing me a pot with an old hen in it with some scentless steam for dramatic effect makes no sense when I receive a 3oz portion.  (that said, the broth was fantastic).  A smoked salmon canape in a box filled with smoke is cute but it tasted like it was made 2 days prior and seriously, it is 2012. . .  canapes?   The most egregious problem with our meal was the wine pairing.   $65 for what was at most 6oz of wine.   We did not receive any wine until the 4th dinner item (how is this possible?).   Once we did, we had to miserly ration each sip to try to make it through the next course.    The wine service here is inexcusable. For a $450 tab for two people (including tip) I expect much more than this restaurant had to offer.    The night before we had an amazing meal for less than half the cost at Les Deux Gamins with a much more exciting atmosphere.   The reviews here are the most misleading I have ever experienced on Yelp and leads me to believe the reviewers only dine out on vacation.  If you want whimsical mediocre food, this is the place for it. Ahh. . . was ALMOST 5/5. . . I'll explain why I gave this place a 4 belowSo, I needed a good place to bring my fiance to for his birthday.  Something classy yet romantic.  New and exciting yet delicious.  Friends referred me to Europea, saying that although the food isn't worth what you pay for it, the overall experience is.  So, wanting to pamper my fiance, off to Europea we went!Upon entering, we were happy with the ambience and the nice reception we were greeted with.  We were seated in a secluded area of the restaurant upstairs - something I was grateful for.  We looked at the menus, and quickly made our decision.  Fiance was to take the 12 course tasting menu, and I would take the table d'hote with the fois gras for an extra $12.  A half bottle of wine for $45 was also decided on (yes, 45 is a bit much for less than 12oz of wine. . . . . . ). So, I won't go into ALL the details regarding the food, but I will say that we were really happy with all the "surprises" from the kitchen ranging from cheese lollipops and cigars to charcuterie hung from a wire by a clothespin to little sponge cakes from bordeaux and more.  We were also very pleased with the presentation of all the food.  Sure, they could have just put everything in bowls and on plates, but they went above and beyond to be as creative as possible when serving food. The staff was very friendly and accommodated our requests, and although at times I wondered if it was too expensive, I decided that the service surpassed ANY restaurant I've been to in North America, and so it was fine. My only tiny piss off was the fact that the fois gras I paid an extra $12 for was kind of gross.  My fiancee gladly ate it (although the same thing was to be brought to him a few courses later).  What we did instead was ask the waiter if it was possible to remove the $12 charge and simply not bring my fiance his portion.  We were told that this wasn't possible.  Seeing as to how I did order it, I gladly accepted that.  The problem for me was when the waiter came around 2 minutes later and apologetically asked me if he could bring me a different appetizer instead (one that was part of my table d'hote).  I said sure and when he asked me what I wanted, I told him to bring whatever (assuming that it was for free since he was the one who proposed).  So, he brought me a bison tartare which was to DIE for.  However, I must admit that I felt VERY ripped off when the bill came, and I was charged an extra $20 for this appetizer on top of the $70 table d'hote and the $12 fois gras bringing my THREE course meal to be more expensive than my fiance's TWELVE course meal!!! I didn't fuss about it because I didn't want to put a dent in our good night, but that move definitely left a sour taste in my mouth.  Up until then, I was saying that I would definitely go back, but now I'm not so sure. All in all, it was a cool experience.  Would I go back?? Unfortunately no, but definitely give it a try! (I mean after all, who doesn't love cotton candy with dessert??) I'm really sad our waiter had to put that crappy move on us. . otherwise, I'd be making reservations right now for next weekend! :|I am not in the habit of leaving internet reviews, but I feel that the world needs to be warned about this restaurant: it is a gimmicky, gaudy, over-priced tourist trap.   As a preface, my girlfriend and I didn't actually end up eating very much food there - we actually just chose to leave after our drinks/appetizers and before paying several hundred dollars for what we surmised would be a horrible meal.   So, it is possible that the entrees at Europea are in fact very good, but I doubt it, and even if that is the case, the place is pretty tacky and dingy.   To put the review in context, my girlfriend and I are mid-20s Americans with what I'd call reasonably smart tastes in food and culture - we are not foodies etc. , but I'd say we know bad food and a bad restaurant when we see it. We booked a reservation here after arranging a last minute trip to Montreal and were looking for a traditionally upscale French dinner to cap off our long weekend in the city.   Europea had great reviews on yelp and opentable, the menu looked good, it is run by a celebrity chef, we were staying a few blocks nearby and appeared to be in a location where you'd find good restaurants, so it seemed like an obvious choice.   Our first concerns emerged as we saw the neighborhood, which is the type of downtown area filled with taco bells, souvenir shops, strip clubs and, of course, tourist trap restaurants.   We decided to google image Europea to see what the inside looked like - judging from the photos online, it appeared to be a tacky restaurant, but we placed some trust in the glowing reviews on yelp and decided to show up for the reservation anyways.   We walked in to find the restaurant exactly as portrayed in the images - it looks like it was styled in the early 1990s and hasn't been renovated since.   Picture fake plastic neon colored plants, neon fluorescent lights on the bar, some 90s Euro techno music as light background music, dingy carpets, worn silverware and waiters in ill-fitting tuxedos.   Things didn't look good, but we still gave them the benefit of the doubt, and were seated by the hostess and ordered two martinis.   Our table was next to the staircase in the center of the restaurant and everything on it shook any time someone walked up or down the stairs.  The martinis came as the host brought out some complementary appetizers: a small dried "meat strip" hanging on a tiny clothes hanger, garlic-olive bread sticks, some kind of pesto "lollipop" and truffle-cheese popcorn (I think?).   Each food item came with a little story about its preparation.   We took a sip of the martinis, which were gin and vodka respectively. . . they must have been 50% water, and to boot, were served in metal martini glasses with a comically large stick of olives across the top, so large in fact that we couldn't get the olives in the drink.   We then tried some of the small appetizers and it was impressively bad: the meat strip was glorified beef jerky, the lollipop was horribly according to my gf and the popcorn/breadsticks were not only disgusting, but seemed like they had been left out for several days. . . just musty, stale and soggy all at once.   The waitress then came by and offered us a hot towel, which she prepared by pouring hot water on a compressed roll of cotton with a teapot, which then expended into a soggy, lukewarm paper towel. Our waitress then came to the table with a wooden box, opened it and offered us two "cheese cigars" (a direct quote). . . the cheese cigars were, predictably, your standard microwavable fried mozzarella sticks, but I can't even say they tasted as good as something you might buy in a freezer aisle.   That was the end for us - it's not a cheap restaurant, and we weren't going to risk a few hundred dollars on their food.   So, we got up and left, got a take-out margherita pizza from a place up the street, watched a movie in our apartment and made a toast to not wasting our money on bad food. Long story short, this place is a tourist trap built to take the money of people that don't know any better.   It is well-reviewed, which I can only presume means that many people on Yelp don't have the most sophisticated of tastes.   But, if you are looking for type of experience described in those reviews, I'd suggest looking in a different neighborhood.   We wish we had booked something in Plateau or one of the other more interesting, cultured neighborhoods. Europea was just WOW, WOW, WOW!!OVERALL: If you are in Montreal, this restaurant should absolutely be at the TOP of your list.  It is simply an amazing experience and a wonderful way to spend a meal.  My husband planned it for our anniversary and I was blown away. FOOD: It just kept coming! After we sat down the staff was very welcoming and would just bring us the most amazing things to sample.  Some memorable items were: sun-dried tomato biscuits, delicate cheese "cigars", smoked salmon, truffle popcorn - it was all tasty and just the right quantity. TIP - I wouldn't get the tasting menu, we each just ordered an entrée and it was plenty of food.  We spoke with other diners who got the full tasting menu and then were completely stuffed halfway through (but they all said EVERYTHING tasted great).  I got the Cornish Game Hen and my husband got the steak - both were cooked to perfection and totally flavorful. PRESENTATION: The presentation of every course of food was extremely professional.   I mean, it was up to the quality of PerSe in NYC.  The staff and chef really go above and beyond to make the dining experience unique.  I have been to other restaurants where this was attempted and horribly executed (like Barton G in Miami) but here is was PERFECT!!DRINKS:  We each got a wonderfully made cocktail and split a bottle of wine which was the perfect amount. SERVICE:  Just incredible.  Everyone who took care of us was super-professional and attentive.  Our waiter even went outside in the rain and hailed a cab for us! OVERALL:  Great food, experience and people - we will definitely be back.  DO NOT MISS THIS is you are in Montreal!!So we wanted a really nice dinner one night.   Being from NYC I figured this would set me back about $300-400.   Well this place came highly recommended from some fellow Yelpers, so I decided to give it a whirl. I made a reservation from the hotel and was greeted by a friendly waiter who took our coats and gave me a special message.   It was a hand written letter from the Chef Jerome Ferrer, I've never been given anything like that to begin a meal, I was impressed. Looking at the menu I was a bit disappointed.   I have a mushroom allergy and could not eat most of the entrees, and I hate being a bother.   I settled on a dish called Morue which is fillet of cod, homemade tomato ketchup tapenade, potato espuma and peas emulsion.   Well I'll never say settled again. . . . it was phenominal. We were also treated to multiple appetizers including a cheese cigar served in a humidor, a lobster creme cappuchino, and a wonderful pistachio dessert. This place was wonderful and made you feel very special.   The waitstaff is great at what they do and you will enjoy yourself completely.   Oh and the huge bill I though I was going to have was just upwards of $200 with tip.   Very resonable. My husband and I came here to celebrate our ten-year anniversary after a recommendation by our hotel concierge.    Words simply cannot express how wonderful our experience was.   The dinner was without a doubt the highlight of our entire week in Montreal. We splurged and both had the tasting menu, which is an absolute steal at under $100 each.   Throughout the meal we kept commenting on what a great deal we were getting!  Eating at Europea is a total experience - it is not just a culinary experience; it is also completely entertaining in every way!  Starting with the food: it was absolutely delicious, everything we had.   I just kept saying to myself, "I didn't know my tastebuds could feel this way!!" But on top of that, it was so creative.   Each piece brought out was a work of art.   We had just as much fun discovering what was next as we did eating it!  The waiters are also courteous and humorous, and I laughed out loud on many occasions.   Months later, we are still raving about our experience to everyone.   We could not recommend Europea more highly!Came here for a bachelor party dinner reserved at 10pm! We didn't leave until 12am.  It doesn't get more classy than that.  We all had the pre fixe course.  The menu listed it as 5-6 consecutive pieces, but the crazy chef added twice the amount of dishes we order that in between.  We had prosciutto served to us on mini clotheslines.  Our Foie Gras was smoked on a piece of wood right on our plates.  The best dish for me was the Lobster Cappuccino which was less of a cappuccino and more of a soup.  I didn't know you can heighten the flavor of an already flavorful seafood but this chef did it.  Last but not least, big thanks to our waiter (which I'm ashamed we forgot his name).  It takes the chef's dishes and our waiter's dramatic delivery of each to make the experience so spectacular.  The theatricality is really what makes this high-end place more enjoyable than others.  It is very pricey --the most I've ever paid for a meal but you only live once. True, I don't know a lot about the dining scene in Montreal, but Europea far exceeded my expectations.  Their lobster cappuccino is quite possibly the best thing I've eaten all year (the flavors, texture and presentation come together to create the perfect, cozy, luxurious experience) and the service is one of the most refined combinations of both friendly and attentive that I've yet experienced. Yes, some of the dishes could be construed as gimmicky (the prosciutto chips hanging on a clothesline were more fun and adorable than culinarily masterful), and the wines all start at a very high price point, but the hits and the overall experience more than make up for these hiccups-- especially at the extremely reasonable price at which their smaller tasting menu is offered.  Every course, expected and unexpected, came with a fun twist (the smoked salmon canapé that arrived in a faux hardbound book infused with a savory woodsmoke that came floating out into my delighted face as I lifted the lid; the "sunny side up egg" that came for dessert that was actually a small poached peach surrounded by a coconut champagne emulsion) and every detail, from the trio of creative butters that accompanied our bread to the bite-sized freshly baked chocolate madeleines that we received to take home, was beautifully soignee.  I don't want to write too much more as for me, a large part of the joy of the evening was the element of playfulness and surprise throughout-- all I can say is that I would highly recommend Europea to anybody who is delighted by a unique and memorable dining experience!I came here for valentine's day a couple years back and I still dream of this restaurant. What struck me most was the very elaborate and refined menu.   We went with a full tasting menu with wine, and we enjoyed the most delightful and eventful meal of our lives to date.   The creativity of the chef and the flavors will have you impressed for years to come (like myself).   Alas, since I am small of stature, I was unable to finish my meal or wine, which paired excellently with all the courses.   I only wish that I had a bigger stomach and higher alcohol tolerance!  What was even nicer about the night was that we parted with some gifts courtesy of the chef that night.   As if the experience wasn't enough!  I would LOVE to come back here, but the dinner service came out to about 500$ with tip for the two of us (pricey, but it was well worth the culinary experience).   I'm guessing that since it was valentine's day and it was a special menu, the prices were higher than usual.   Either way, I liked this place much better than Toque! where I experienced a similar (but sub-par) tasting menu with wine, so if you've got the urge to splurge, I'd highly recommend Europea. MY 1st review in 2012 I want to start it with a bang! Kidding. I beat my RECORD TIME inside a restaurant.  4 HOURS! 8PM-12PM!My Mom celebrated her birthday here and everyone enjoyed it.  If you know me. . .  French cuisine is over-rated :-P Like seriously.  But since it's her birthday, I need to be present right?I'll make this review quick:We had the $ 95.  50 tasting menu.  Consists of 10 courses, and little knick knacks in between.  I would say, on my 5th course, I'm already full.  Then on my 9th and 10th course, I'm not enjoying it anymore.  It's not because it's not good.  It's because I'm so full. My favorite was the Calamari and Bass.  I was surprised how good it is.  Like literally explosion in my mouth. Why 5 stars? The service is just impeccable.  Our service is very sweet and attentive.  Great presentation on each course as well.  It was artistically made and they devout some time to make it look pretty - and good I would say.  I had some "wow" moments.  You have to go to check it out.  Like really, they will surprise you with something. Is it worth 95. 50 bucks? Yes.  Should I go back again? On special occasions only.  I recommend it. If you want a true culinary experience I recommend coming here (request to sit downstairs in the chefs area).  The food presentation is superb. . . . the dishes are all beautifully prepared and flavorful.  The service is impeccable.  We ordered the small tasting menu (the restaurant has 2 - there's the big one. . . the chefs tasting menu. . . and the there's another one that has 3 courses) which was definitely enough food.  I can't even begin to go over each course (though the most memorable came out in a Harry Potter type book with steam), as you'd be reading forever.  So in sum, this is fine dining at its finest in Montreal, and is a must try. Amazing culinary experience in Montreal! Food was excellent and presentation was pure art. . .  Dry ice and smoked scallop actual smoke under the lid. . .  Service was outstanding . . .  And no attitude with me walking in without reservation wearing jeans. . .  Yes, very expensive but I think worth the experience. Better looking than taste. A very special evening.   We were a group for a birthday.   We were pampered like there is no tomorrow!  The service staff gets 6 stars in my book.   Eating a Europea is all about the show and the extras.   Surprises after tasty surprises.   Why not 5 stars you may ask? The food was somewhat bland (I feel like I am committing a huge sin writing that).   I has scallops for my main course and it was. . .  short on flavor?  The desert (besides the extra sweets and cotton candy and, and ,and. . . ) was a spin on eggs and hash brown.  No one around the table I think liked it!  At that point we were all full so no one said much.   Weird textures, weird taste, it just did not work.   My wife had the foie gras that was cook on a heated stone with maple flavor or vapors under a glass dome.   Spectacular but the foie gras was essentially raw and aaaaa. . .  well a bit slimy.   We both love foie gras but this was weird. For the rest, the calamari carbonara was yummy, the lobster cappuccino like nothing you ever had, and on and on.   So I am torn.   I think I will have to go again.   On the other hand, so many other places to try and so little  time. Wow.  Wow.  I've eaten some pretty long meals, but the degustation was a 3. 5 hour experience.  The 10 courses is more like 15 after the amuse bouches, etc.  We finished a bottle of wine and had 4 courses left.   Service was fantastic.  The special touches and creativity are unparalleled.  Word of warning, you should refuse to sit on the second floor.  We bounced around (wine glasses shaking, noticeable chair vibration) with every step of every waiter, and they have a lot of waiters.  I'm going back if I'm in Montreal again, but I will walk out before I sit on the second floor. The food and service was out of this world.   The wine parings were incredibly well-done.   I recommend that the restaurant refuse young children in the dining room.   The ambiance is disturbed by children getting bored and noisy while their parents enjoy a 3 hour meal.   I don't blame the child, I blame the parents and the restaurant for not realizing that that young children will get fussy when kept awake until 11pm, and bother the other diners.   Also, there should be a dress code.   Basketball shorts, a t-shirt and flip-flops, daisy dukes and a tube top, are not appropriate attire to dine - unless you're a rap star and an hourly employee.   I understand they just took over the whole building, so perhaps the restaurant over-expanded. Definitely an interesting experience.   We had the Discovery tasting menu, and it felt like being the audience in a show where you really weren't sure what was going to happen next.   Props,  smoke,  Cuban cigars.  . . it is truly a creative showpiece.   I wish that more planning was put into the way the various dishes fit together. .  I found that many of the appetizers clashed, as did the mini desserts.   Highlight was the fois gras caramelized on a hot stone set in a dinner plate under a glass bell jar. . .  Very tasty and cooked literally right under your nose! Also the lobster bisque was perfect, the best I've ever had.  So I had huge expectations of their of their signature entrée - veal cheek in a chorus sauce.  But I found the meat too tender, almost mushy,  and the flavoring too salty.   Overall,  I was impressed by the presentation. . .  but some of the dishes still have room for improvement. It was more than a restaurant it was an experiance.  Was in Montreal from NYC for the long weekend and this was a must on my list of places to eat .  The outside and decour was average but once the dishes started it was non stop excitement.  My fiance and I had the tasting menu and after 3 1/2 hour of what seemed like endless plates we were both stuffed.  The wait staff were very great explaining what each dish was being served.  The price was a bit high and added higher taxes then i was used to in NY but it is worth a visit at least onceFrom the first course to the last, possibly the best meal I've ever eaten - and I've eaten at places that are more than twice the price.  They expertly executed every taste sensation from savory to smoky to sweet.  If you're ever in Montreal, this is a must try!I wish I could rave about Europea.   I wish I could say it was an amazing meal.   By all rights it SHOULD have been an amazing meal.   But my experience at Europea was hit-or-miss, iffy, okay, so-so, par, mediocre, average at best, and the bill was anything but average. I spent the weekend around New Year's Eve in Montreal, and wanted to end the vacation on a high note with a spectacular French tasting menu.   Many of the city's top restaurants were closed for the holidays, but Europea and its tasting menu came recommended from several sources, so we made reservations. We were greeted by a cold Maitre d' who seated us at a small table in the middle of the BEAUTIFUL restaurant.   A spiral staircase ending at a fireplace, bold colors and beautiful artwork everywhere.   This is the kind of space where I'd want to hold a private function. As soon as the cold Maitre d' left, we were handed menus by a silent waiter.   He came back five minutes later and we ordered the Menu Degustation Signature" with the accompanying wine pairing (5 glasses of wine).   He nodded, snatched away our menus, and was gone again without a word. That kind of service continued, from him and the other servers at Europea.   At any other meal I probably could have overlooked it, but the interaction with the wait staff is (in my opinion) one of the best parts of a tasting menu.   Each dish is another interaction; instead of reading the name and maybe a description of a dish off a menu, you have the server there to describe the dish as he presents it to you, and answer any questions you may have.   But instead the servers at Europea dumped the plate on the table, mumble the name of the dish, and were off again. Regardless of the service, here's a run down of the tasting menu and my thoughts:Lobster cream Cappuccino with truffle shavings   Excellent!  Started the meal off right. Champaign, France - Okay, to be expected. Princess scallops, prepared on their shells with a porcini mushroom foam, sea water emulsion.   Amazing presentation, mediocre taste. Late Harvest Vidal, Ontario - It was nice to see a regional wine on the menu, and I'm a fan of Niagara wines.   Very sweet, usually more of a desert wine - I was surprised to see it so early in the meal. Pan seared foie gras, Bourbon flavoured french toast, fruits chutney and wild berries jus.   What's up with the seared foie gras???  It's a new culinary trend I don't understand.   Regardless, the foie gras was pretty good and paired very well with the wine, but the French toast ruined the dish - it was sickly sweet and overpowered everything. White wine (I forget what it was) - Obviously, it was unremarkable.   I didn't even finish the glass (I know, I know). Fillet of mediteranean bass, poached rice letucce, vanilla beurre blanc sauce, Abitibi-Témiscamingue sturgeon Caviar.   The bass was good, but nothing to write home about. Light CO2 foam prepared with César Salad.   I think this dish is an example of kitchen creativity gone too far.   It was just a green foam covered in grated cheese - there was WAY too much cheese, and it didn't sit well in my stomach. Bordeaux - This was the best wine of the flight.   The nose was incredibly, and instantly transported me back to my last wine tasting trip.   Fantastic!Short ribs of Kobe Beef, crispy galette of roots vegetables, braised chipolini onions and baby carrot.   Highlight of the meal, although I'm not sure if it was because the dish was really THAT good, or if it was the only dish that really stood out.   Paired excellent with Bordeaux. Our selection of cheeses.   Smorgasbord of cheeses, lots of fun - I just wish the waiter was more engaging when serving them. A selection of desserts and sweets from our pastry chefs.  To be honest with you, at this point in time I was so full, I had trouble enjoying desert. Overall there was nothing BAD about my experience at Europea.   There were some very strong points (the venue, a couple of the dishes, a couple of the wines) and a couple weak points (service, a couple of the dishes, a couple of the wines).   Unfortunately, given the menu prices at Europea, a mixed review will not suffice.   If I spend $400 on a meal for two, I expect to be blown away, and I wasn't.   I honestly can't say that I'll ever go back, so I just can't bring myself to recommend them.   Maybe your experiences will differ, but I think for this price range, there are better options in Montreal. Note:  if you ARE going to Europea, keep in mind that there is a "Best Western Europa" with the same color blue sign one block down on Drummond St, literally back to back with Europea.   If you find yourself at Europa, take a left into the alley just past the hotel, and when you come out onto Rue de la Montagne, Europea will be immediately on your left. Eurpea was recomended from our hotel.   However, If you are hungry do not bother coming to this place.   Starting on a bad note. . . Our table was updatirs near the spiral staircase and shook everytime the waiters and patrons went up and down the stairs.   That was very distracting. The portions were small, in fact the chef contantly sends out free apps, like the lobster bisque in a espresso cup  Other free apps were cheese cigars, similar to a mozarella stick, tempura cauliflower, mini olive muffin and a small sampling of  deserts. However, the real misconception was the hen I ordered was shown in the roating pot tableside  and was brought back to the kitchen and presented back to me with only 2 oz of meat.   For the price of $34, I should get 1/4 bird. I also agree with other reviews the wine pours are skimpy as well. The food presenations was pretty cool, but I would rather have bigger portions.    I would not go back again. Try DNA aor other guide book recomendations,We went there last night for my birthday.   And what a birthday dinner it was!  About 2 minutes after we sat down we had two amuse bouches- goat cheese and latka "lollipops" and mini bread-sticks.   That was followed up by 2 prosciutto "chips" and something else amazing.   Then we had a piece each of cheese wrapped in smokey bacon, served in the glass dome shown in a picture here on Yelp.   All that before we even ordered!  In short, this place is all about atmosphere, presentation, and impeccable service (thanks, Jack!).   The food is absolutely out of this world.   The prices are to be expected, but the "extras" make it all worth it.   The dessert was 5 courses, including cotton candy!  And you walk out with freshly baked mini-madeleine cookies and macaroons.   Unreal.   Drinks are good, but very pricey, so watch out ($25 champagne cocktails?  really?  thank goodness it was a special night). I was very happy with this as my birthday dinner and do recommend it to others. .   To respond to Gary F. 's review:  the portions are small because they're FULL of butter and fat and all sorts of things that if you have too much of, you'll feel ill.   We went on empty stomachs (after a 5 hr drive from Boston) and were completely full when we left. This is perhaps the MOST memorable meal that I have eaten anywhere in the world.  I was worried that the atmosphere would be stuffy and the staff would be pretentious, but that could not have been farther from the case.  My husband and I came here for dinner just a week before I gave birth to our daughter and I sometimes wonder if she came almost 2 weeks early so that she could escape my womb to eat at this amazing restaurant again.  *giggle*  We had the tasting menu with the wine pairing (I know, I know, so pregnant and drinking alcohol is such a no-no, but I promise you that I had just a sip and hubby was hyper-happy to finish all my glasses for me).  On the night we dined here, all of the staff here, from waitress to pastry chef to the chef de confiserie (yes, a restaurant that makes its own candy, try to top that!) to the head chef were all born, raised and trained in France.  Even the surrounding tables had French patrons, we were starting to wonder if we were the only non-French in the restaurant.  That aside, we cannot say enough about how much we enjoyed this restaurant! It is like Disney World for your taste buds.  If you are looking for a bit of a splurge (anyway, it is still much cheaper than flying to Paris to eat at a comparable restaurant.  Am I right?!) and you seek a memorable and amazing dining experience, then this is a must! Upon leaving, the maître d'hôtel gifted me with Jérôme Ferrer's (head chef and co-owner of Europea) amazing cookbook.  Talk about a lovely bonus and souvenir! Reservations necessary. The food was great The staff was some of the best trained I have ever experienced Our seats on the 2nd level by the stairs did shake with each person walking up and down, but the vantage point to see the hustle and flow is worth it. Plan on 3 hours at the very least to sit and enjoy your meal. Lots of courses and little tasting treats in between courses. Make no mistake, the place is a little stuffy with pomp, but if you go with the flow the experience is fun and very tasty. Its not cheap, but don't  there if your on a budget. Do go there if you want good food in a very enjoyable space. The beehive of staff movement all around you at times can be a bit disconcerting and you may feel like your in a rail station with all the comings and goings. Great wine and mixed drinks. This is a very good and creative dining experience and one not found in most cities I travel to. The desert presentation was tasty and well thought out as a cap to the meal. Fun bite size sweets surrounding a cotton candy tree was tasty and we left with both a food, drink and sweet high. Had the tasting menu.  The most intricate and entertaining presentation I've seen (5 / 5).  The service was very good to excellent (4. 5/ 5).  Minus half a point for a slight rushed feeling.   The food was prepared exceptionally well (5/5), but I'd say only 2-3 dishes out of 9 or so really wowed me (4. 5/ 5).  Overall great experience. My wife and I came here to celebrate our anniversary.  We were referred by the concierge at our hotel and had not heard of the restaurant before.  I read the Yelp reviews for some background and can say that they were pretty much all 100% spot on.  Here are some observations from our meal;  - Arrived and were seated upstairs in a far back room (behind the naked lady statue :).  This is a great quiet room, especially as the restaurant filled up.   - Receiving a note from the chef is a great touch. . .   - Service was flawless, couldn't have been better.   - My wife ordered a Sea Bass Entree and a I ordered the prix fix menu with Scallops.  Both of us had the Calamari appetizer.   - The waiter helped us choose a wine and did a great job.   - The Calamari appetizer was unbelievable, both in taste, but also in preparation.  It really *is* linguine, but it is calamari. . .  I'm still amazed.   - The scallops were really good, but so were the lemon. dill, chive potatoes and the caramelized endive.   - I'd suggest passing on expensive after dinner drinks. . .  very few things pair well with cotton candy, certainly not Port.  The little sweets that make up "pre-desert" were really great. .    - My wife ordered a dessert I can only call "ball of chocolate with ice cream, bananas and hot mango sauce.  The server poured the mango over the ball and it dissolved into a plate full of deliciousness. . .  that was an amazing thing to see, really the highlight of an amazing meal. Excellent food and great experience.  Try the tasting menu and you won't be disappointed. Best meal ever.  PeriodGot the tasting menu.  Subtle tastes using all parts of the palate  Starts with the butter for the bread (was given 4 different ones) and ends with the deserts.  Presentations are interesting but conservative and do not overwhelm the food itself.  In the case of the smoked rib, it augments it (see photo-thats a glass serving dish with smoke in it, when the waiter takes off the top, you get a wiff of smoke, which starts gets everything going.  Service was outstanding also.  You will not be disappointed.  Make reservations in advance. Last night in Montreal, and Restaurant Toque was closed for the holidays and Au Pied du Cochon was booked. . . So, Europea was next in line.  It was a tough choice between the other contenders. . . and there are so many good choices in Montreal.  But i only had limited time and money.  So, here it goes.  SERVICE was 5 stars. . . . our experience was very positive from every staff member.  i forgot to mention, i went with my wife and 6yr old daughter. .  we ordered Ala carte for our daughter, while my wife and i had the tasting menu.  They still brought out some soup, amuse bouche and desserts for FREE for my daughter.  They were Very friendly, accommodating to my daughter and attentive to our needs.  They anticipated every need. . . water was never empty or low, offered more wine when my drink was low, silverware replaced consistently, chef Ferrer comes out to greet us, Host comes by to check our satisfaction, the wait between dishes was well paced and presented well, and our jackets were waiting for us when we are about to leave the restaurant.  No attitude, and very generous.  Ambiance- The restaurant was very nice and tasteful. . . . it feels very romantic, clean and well designed.  4-stars for this.  FOOD- unfortunately, after eating at other heavy hitting places. . . . the food here seemed pretty average.  So 3 stars for this. . . . .  Everything was good. . . . but the flavor is rather average. . . nothing really blew my mind.  So, blow by blow account. . . .  Bread/butter - 4-5 kinds of bread. . . . but all of them seem to be the same kind.  i had the olive bread and fig bread.  It was a bit salty also.  Parmesan crisp lollipop- nice texture.  lobster cappuccino- i was expecting a thick lobster bisque. . . but i guess that is not the point in calling it cappucino. . . coz' it really had the consistency of coffee.  its good and light. . . and would be better if he pronounced the truffle more.  Foie gras- Awesome! this was done perfectly. . . and i love this preparation as well.  Cod-this was good, very light, you can taste the flavor of the fish. . . has a bit of a mackerel flavor. Not sure what the sauce did. . . it was rich but not memorable.  Mediterranean bass- this is basically sushi.  Its good. . . but Im a big sushi fan, and Ive had better white fish than this. . . he should've used some truffle oil. . . . and bring out the flavor more.  giant scallop- again, this is another great dish that could use more flavor. . .  bearnaise is just too bland and rich.  cornwell chicken- great presentation, but very plain. . . very traditional.  I wish he included some darkmeat and whitemeat to contrast the texture and flavor.  Flavor is very clean and brings out the fresh chicken flavor.  Fresh mushroom ravioli- love the truffle sauce! TRUFFLES!! i wish i had more of this. . .  Smoked short ribs- wins best presentation by bringing it out in a smoked cover. . . . but flavor was very typical. . . i wish he used pork belly instead. . . . short rib could be more tender melt in your mouth. . . but it was very grainy.  The galette of root vegetables also didn't work well with it. . .  Cheese- not much selection. . . actaully, we didnt even choose. . . only 2 kinds were brought out with some nuts and jams. . . it was the perfect amount since we were getting full.  Dessert was very good- probably the best part.  It was simple and very familiar. . . . frozen parfait, sugar coated marshmallow, macarons, sorbet with marangue. . . etc.  Love them all! So, im not sure if im just jaded. . . . but i would rate Europea in the middle.  Not bad by any means. . . . and i would love to return. . . . The price is very reasonable for the amount of food you get and the quality you get. . . . it just did not show enough definition, or any stand out flavorto it. . . . presentation gets all high marks. . . but it was just lacking in flavor. . . they played it too safe by sticking to a more traditional flavor range. . . . . . . . the wine selection is very good,. . . i had a bordeau. . . which was fantastic. . . .  and with the great service and staff. . . i think it gets a well deserving 4-star. We came here due to the Yelpers so I had high expectations and in most cases, the expectations were met.   We had the 5 course pre fixe menu and the food was very good (foie gras was delicious).   As the other yelpers indicated, there were pre appetizers, pre entrees and pre desserts which is great but I must say I could not eat another bite after the final dessert.  I cannot imagine ordering the 10 course pre fixe menu as the law of diminishing returns would kick in after the 5th course.   Although the service is decent,  it was spotty at times due to inconsistent lag time between each meal.   Overall, it was not the best we ever had but it was very good. YEA!!!!!!! Yelp has FINALLY come to where I travel most: Montréal!!!!  For about a 2 year span (07-09) I practically LIVED in Montréal! (Hence my lack of reviews for so long! Eh?)That said: This review is about my experience at Europea, and OH what and experience it is! Chef Jérôme Ferrer was ALWAYS a gracious host.  On every visit he would step away from the delights of the kitchen to say a very quick hello.  (I think more for my company, George Hanna, Luciano Girlando, Gérald Tremblay, Tom Kostopoulos and a list of others, than myself.  I am NOT name dropping, merely refreshing Chef's memory! Oh you better believe he or one of his staff are reading this (these) review(s)!) On to the experience!One of the BEST places on has to stop and an "LSD" experience with food! I say this NOT as a slight but as a true explanation of what you (will) experience.  SENSORY OVERLOAD! The BEST way to explain this is to reference the Disney Pixar movie, Ratatouille! trying to explain the overall experience is like Ratatouille trying to explain to his brother food tastes! Even more difficult is the actual tastes that explode on your palate that render ones mind inoperable for a few moments at every bite! The experience will leave you utterly whirling at your seat. Anyone who has read any of my reviews will know that I do not GIVE away rave reviews! However, Chef Ferrer can rest assured, whenever I am in Montreal, he will most assuredly see me in either in Europea or the Birks Café par Europea!Table d'hote for about 60$ (4-5 service), tasting menu for about 90$ (10 service),You're thinking, wow pretty good deal, probably just run of the mill restaurant? wrong.  This place churns out some really nice dishes, it's imaginative and original.  The dishes are quite tasty and refined, nice combination of textures, and ingredients. The dishes and wine are well paired, food this caliber is served at  restaurants that cost twice as much. . . the ingredients are fresh and the plating is very appealing.  Did i mention it was tasty too? yep very tasty. I remember very good ravioli with mushrooms, the entrées are very good.  The ingredients are very fresh. . .  all around it is exceptional. But the best is the Dessert, a macaron, ice cream, mousse cake, chocolate sauce, some coffee sprinkles, then as you're eating, they bring out mini madeleines fresh from the oven, then a few minutes later they come out with cotton candy, then a whole slew of mignardise like jellies and little chocolates and what not. . .  i mean dessert was a little canival of sweets that will really appeal to your inner-child. . .  really it made me feel like a kid again. . .  It is the best dessert experience I've ever had!!!We were in love with this place, and the hostess even gave us a tour of the place, got to see the kitchen and the pastry kitchen, yep two separate kitchens it was a cool place to go, also it's a very noce romantic place, good choice to bring a special someone you want to impress. . . The food is wild and there are many delicious surprises.   Highly imaginative ingredients, techniques and presentation.   For example our prosciutto was served on a clothesline accompanied by goat cheese lollipops.   Tasting menu was $97. 50.   I'd give it 6 stars if possible. We wanted to try Toque last weekend, but they were closed on Sunday.  We were told Europea was one of the best in Montreal and were very, very pleased.  It was by far on of the best meals I've had.  We had the 5 course tasting menu, but we ended up getting a lot of "surprises that would come out of the kitchen in between the courses.  The most memorable dishes we had that night included the lobster bisque cappucino,  crab ceviche and the beef cheeks.  The vibe is very chic.  This meal would have been double the price if it were in the states.  We were very impressed by the wait staff and had a wonderful experience. The 9 course tasting menu was heaven.  Simply one of the best French fusion restaurants in Montreal.  Seating is limited and reservations are required but you won't be disappointed with the food or service.  They have an extensive wine list as well.  This restaurant feels much more intimate than Toque since it's more dimly lit and there are several floors to the restaurant vs.  a big open space.  It's definitely worth the splurge!I came to Europea FOUR AND A HALF YEARS AGO (August 2008) and the meal still sticks out in my mind and ranks in my top five best meals, ever.  Hubs and I spent a week in Montreal in August 2008, and we wanted a special meal to celebrate my birthday a little early.  I cannot recall how we stumbled on Europea, but I am so happy that we did! It was actually on the same street, same block as our hotel, which turned out to be a very good thing since we were so drunk and stuffed after our meal that all we could manage to do was stagger down the street back to our hotel.  We had the nine course tasting menu, with wine pairings, and it was stunning.  Everything - service, food, presentation - was seamless.  Obviously this is going way back, but I think the entire meal set us back approximately $400 USD and it was the best $400 I ever spent! It epitomizes why it is worthwhile to pay for experiences rather than stuff.  I'd highly recommend Europea, and the reviews show that the quality has maintained in the almost five years since I was there.  This will be a required stop for me the next time I make it to Montreal!I took my husband to Europea for anniversary.  We ordered the course menu.  All of the food was excellently presented visually and verbally (in English).  The wine was perfectly paired.  There were numerous snacks before our dinner even started which was nice, and all of the 10 or 12 coures (i forgot how many there were) were very small so you really could eat them all and not feel overfull.  My only complaint and it is a big one is that the food was not excellent.  Everyone around us got the same course menu and it just seemed that it was pushing food out and neglecting the taste option.  This is not to say that the food was bad, it was not.  It just was ok.  Also, our bill was over $400, which we expected from previous posters. This restaurant is worth the price of admission.   Very rich food with whimsical little apps in between made for an enjoyable experience.   Service was great and attentive, while the sommelier was very helpful.   It is located right off Ste.  Catherine street and is a must try.   Looking forward to going back again. This was a celebratory night for me, and Europea put the exclamation point on it.   I had the tasting menu with wine pairing.   The food .  .  .  it's been said.   There was not one dish I didn't like.   The calamari (with the poached quail egg), the cornish hen (roasted in hay) and the venison stood out for me.   The fact that the venison came close to the end and I ate it like I hadn't eaten that day should speak as to how the quality and flavors of the food just build.   The presentation and innovation were also great, but not too over-the-top.   The service is very respectful and knowledgeable.   The sommelier was awesome and spot-on; he really wanted to give me wines I hadn't tried before, and they still worked.   This place was a Per Se-like experience for me.   I'm just sorry I forgot my for-the-road goodies when I left. Amazing menu, amazing service and great food.   I recently went to Europea and entertained a bunch of clients in the semi private room, there were 16 of us in total.   Although we were all english speaking, I found everyone very helpful and the service was tip top.   All of the dishes we ordered were wonderful and a number of my clients remarked upon the fact that this was one of the best restaurant they had visited recently and  would certainly be bringing some of their clients here. Only reason I didnt give them five stars was that my entree of deer, was slightly over cooked.   When I remarked to other diners they all said that there dish was perfectly prepared, so I think I was just unfortunate.   I would defintely return when I next visit Montreal and would recommend to anyone. One of the best dining experiences I have ever had! You must go here if visiting Montreal.  The restaurant is very intimate--try to reserve a table upstairs. What I loved about Europea was that every course was very creative, playful, sophisticated. . . . Appetizers: "lollipop-like" parmesean crisps with cheese, lobster "cappacino". . . entree: mushroom ravioli with truffles. . . SO GOODdessert: This was the best part-bright pink cotton candy presented very creatively, macaroons, little French cookies that came in a Chinese takeout container. . . I will honestly go back to Montreal just for this restaurant because I am so interested to see what their next menu will be like. It can be a challenge finding a good place to eat on a Monday night, since so many fine dining restaurants are closed.  We had hoped to try Toqué! but they were closed both nights we were in town.  Europea was open and we were able to get reservations, so we decided to give it a try.  The restaurant has an elegant interior, and the night we were there it was mostly a business crowd, so we felt slightly underdressed.  We both got the chef's tasting menu with wine pairings.  The menu is inspired by Québec's fresh produce.  Presentation was excellent on all of the dishes; if I hadn't been to a place like this before I would have been more impressed, but we were a little underwhelmed as we've had better in LA (most recently at Gordon Ramsay), especially for the price.  But it was still very good.  As best as I can remember, our courses were as follows:Amuse bouche: goat cheese mousse with risotto and baconLobster cream cappuccino with truffle oilPrincess scallops, prepared in the shell with morel mushroom milk, sea water emulsion, parsnip puréeDuo of pan seared and torchon foie grasLight C02 foam prepared with César saladSurf & turf (medallion of milk fed veal with a crust of herbs pesto, langoustine ravioli with confit tomatoes, sautéed girolles mushroomsCheese plate2 dessert coursesThe desserts were extremely elaborate.  Our first dessert course included panna cotta and a huge 3-tiered tray of bite-sized desserts, including maple marshmallow, chocolate-covered orange rind, chocolate-covered strawberries, apricot jelly pistachio tart, etc.  Our second dessert course included a chocolate pot de crème with espresso foam and butterscotch ice cream. Probably my favorite dishes were the scallops and the langoustines, and my least favorite was the veal, which was slightly overcooked for our more bloody tastes.  Foam was used in several dishes (it is molecular gastronomy after all), which may be a little gimmicky but I'm not complaining - actually the caesar salad foam dish was fairly interesting, and the foam that came with the scallops was an excellent complement.  For our cheese course a large table of cheeses was brought out, from which we got to choose 4, so we chose all of the local Québec cheeses that they offered.  The wine pairings were somewhat uninspired in our opinion, but we did enjoy the Barolo that was served with our surf & turf course, and I appreciated that they served a local Canadian sweet wine with the foie gras course rather than the traditional Sauternes.  There were only 4 wines served with the 9 courses, which on the one hand comes across as not enough, but on the other hand it was nice to still be fairly sober at the end of the meal.   Personally I don't need to go back anytime soon, but it was a good dinner overall, and it seemed like a good place for a business dinner or a date if you've got money to spend. I heard this was an amazing restaurant, but it was really even better than expected.  Each dish was incredible and in between the restaurant serves up creative little bites.   We had the waiter pair our dishes with a recommended wine and the wine choices were perfect also.  Service & atmosphere. . .  all A+.  So far, this is the best restaurant I have been to in Montreal. This is a pretty good restaurant, but I disagree with all the raving reviews.   I see the words creative, refined and sofisticated coming from my fellow reviewers.   I disagree.   I had the prix fix menu and I can't say I was impressed with any of the 8 or 9 dishes.   They are all good.   Just good.   I just spent the week eating at places like l'Epicier, Milos and Au Pied du Cuchon and this place just couldn't comparre.   I was bored.  The service was not very good at all.   I mean, it wasn't bad, but the attitude was just not right.   If I'm paying $300 for dinner, I don't need a waitress who's snobby.   I was ordering 18 year Yamazaki and every time she brought one out, it was smaller than the last.   I mean, 2 sips maybe.   I've never gone anywhere where they serve such embarrassing drink portions.   Man, raise the price and serve a decent amount.   I didn't want to complain so finally I just said, "do me a favor, please take this back and tell the bartender to serve me a double because I'm not used to seeing a glass served with such little alcohol. " This girl tells me, no, drink that and then I'll get you anotherone.   Are you kidding me?  This was just one of the things.   She had an attitude and frankly, I go pay big money to dine at these kinds of restaurants because I want to be treated like a king while I dine like a king.   As for the food, each dish was ok.   I did not think they were imaginative at all.   Like I said, absolutely nothing memorable.   Nothing I haven't had before.   When comparing it to the other restaurants we dined at in Montreal, I would say that this was easily the worst one.   The ambience was nice and the presentation was very good, but it just came up short in the service and food, which is why I go to a place like this in the first place. This was not my first time to Europea and the occassion was to celebrate a birthday.   It was the best birthday dinner celebration ever!  As usual the food was delicious and the service was beyond perfect!  The wait staff are all great and the little amuse bouces so creative that we all couldn't get over the originality of it all. Its the best treat in town!Easily in my Top Five Restauarnts. . a unique, amazing dining experience in the beautiful city of Montreal.  I'm pretty sure our 4  course prix fix meal ended up being 10 with all the add-ons, plus the take home cotton candy and madolines in a chinese take out box.  I am used to amuse bouches and after dinner treats, but I have never been to a place where I got a got the worlds tastiest 'cheese cigar' served to me in a humidor in between my app and entree.  And then some slices of sashimi right after that (can't remember the fish).  The food itself was really great. . especially the foie. . . seared and finished with veal ju and a pinch of coffee, it was a really rich dish. . . very bold for the chef to serve it like that as opposed to the usually way of serving seared foie with some sort of fruit garnish to offset the richness of the foie.  The teaser of a lobster "cappucino" with black truffle left me speechless.  My entree of veal cheeks was really good, but maybe a tad less exciting than what came before.  Then the parade of desserts. . . all Ii can say is. . wow.  And the value for all this food is amazing.  I can't wait to come back and do the tasting. My boyfriend and I went to Europea for our 2010 New Year's dinner.  I had Googled options for a few days and it seemed like a good choice to spend the countdown at.  There was a special NYE tasting menu which we of course had. . .  ok so I lied, I wanted the tasting menu haha.  Some dishes were great while some were very very bad.  There was one I couldn't take another bite of because it made me (us) want to throw up.  Graphic, I know. . .  but I don't think it was the restaurant's fault.  The dish had a particular cheese in it that was just so overbearing and it offended my mouth!! and I love cheese! So that was weird.  The service was overattentive which is always a good thing when you are wanting a romantic evening with your squeeze for a holiday.  For the money and the inconsistency of the food, I don't think I will be going back again if I'm in Montreal. . . .  Piet de Cochon will always win my vote. . . but it is a beautiful restaurant.  Try it and form your opinion on the place? I honestly think your experience could go either way!My girlfriend and I have been here twice.  Both times, everything was perfect -- food taste, presentation, service, and ambiance.  We were completely impressed.  One of our favorite dishes here is scallop, which was cooked so delicately.  It's so soft we felt like it almost melted in our mouth! We'll definitely come back here next time we're in Montreal. We have been going to Europea for three years now, whenever we are in Montreal.   The food is amazing, and a 10 course tasting menu is under $100 which is a great price.   That being said, the service is just amazing.   They are attentive and patient, making you feel like the center of attention throughout the night. The dishes were delicious and well thought out.   I was so full by dessert, but it is impossible not to eat it.   You get a lovely cotton candy dish along with other goodies.   Also, they always give you a little gift to take home, so that you can remember your night the next day.   This time I got a brioche that you bake up so that you can experience the aromas again. The other part of this particular evening that was exceptional, was due to the fact that we messed up our reservation.   They did their best to accommodate us, and I was so happy, as we would not have had another chance to come back during our short trip. This place has become "our" place, where we go to celebrate or for a romantic evening.   I highly recommend it. Unbelievable!  Every course was delicious.   I had the short-ribs which were tender as mother's heart.  The tasting menu was so satisfying.   Service was consistently excellent.   Great vibe. I'm surprised this place only has 8 reviews so far.   Not sure how long it's been in business, but I would have thought more people would have reviewed the place. It was very easy to setup a reservation as I did it online.   It was a Monday evening and it was not very busy.   A mix of tourists like us and business dinners.   We sat on the second floor.   Noise was not an issue. I'll admit that I was put off immediately with the service when they took our order.   The server asked me for my order before asking my wife.   So I told him what she wanted to order and then gave my order.   That said, the rest of the waitstaff were much better and service improved over the course of the evening. To start, I had the crab declination, which was fantastic.   My wife had the seared foie gras, which tasted great, but for the price we paid, we were expecting more foie gras.   Perhaps I'm being hard on them as the Canadian dollar has probably appreciated since they first put this menu together.   The pricing would be at par to what we've paid in the past were the CDN$ be weaker. I'll pause here and note that the Parmesan and oregano bread rolls were great.   None of the bread was warm when served to us.   But they had good texture, crispiness, and taste. For entrees, my wife had the lobster stew.   Now, if we hadn't eaten at Bonaparte earlier on our trip, we would have the said the lobster stew was great.   However, the one at Bonaparte was both more in quantity and better prepared.   I had the braised short rib, which was fantastic. Throughout the dinner, we were served a number of amuse-bouche.   The first two prior to the starters were a crispy sandwich of cheese and tomato on a lollipop stick, and a lobster cappuccino with slices of truffle.   The former was just ok and the latter was very good. Between the starter and the entree, we were served two more.   The first was an egg nog with shaved truffle served in an eggshell.   The second was a melon sorbet with prosciutto and splash of port.   Both were very good. In order for me to have rated Europea as 5 stars, their service would have had to have been impeccable from start to finish, there would have had to have been more foie gras in the starter, and the lobster stew would have had to have had more lobster.   That said, it is still a great place and one that we'll likely try again. Oh, some other thoughts.   The 9-course tasting menu looked very good.   It had a bit of everything that we wanted and it was very tempting.   However, we went for a la carte because we wanted to try the lobster stew.   "La table d'hote" menu also looked good, but the entrees were not enticing enough. I was really looking forward to this meal with all the awesome reviews.   I visited this restaurant for the last supper of a 3 day weekend trip to Montreal.  I was very disappointed.  First, the restaurant has a weird design.   The kitchen is in the basement, seating is available on the 1st and 2nd floor, and the bar is on the 2nd floor.  I feel bad for the waiters there.   They had to walk up and down carrying the food and drinks. We had 2 discovery tasting menus with different selections so we can try everything.   They started us off with a lobster bisque, which was good but would of enjoyed more lobster bits in the "shot" of soup.  Appetizers, we had the tomatoes with mozarella and crab salad.   The tomatoes were very sweet and served on top of a syrup glazed wafer-like thing, which made it even sweeter! I think I would of enjoyed it more with a savory cracker base instead.   The crab salad had non-existent crab.   Although the presentation was fancy, I was not impressed.   Thank god we ordered an extra appetizer, Bison tartare, which was the only fantastic dish.  Entree, we had the mushroom ravioli which was very heavy and served on a big bowl, which made it hard to cut up and eat.   (They were huge pieces of ravioli, not bite-sized. )  Also, had the veal served with some potato puree, not impressed.   They finished the meal off with a bunch of sweets/cookies, icecream lollipop thing, a huge fluff of cotton candy, and more cookies to take home.   Sugar overload!I think they try really hard to make it creative and fun dining experience.   But for me, I care more about the food over the presentation.   The service was okay, they forgot our tea and coffee (had to remind them) and they did not offer ground pepper for our raviolis.   This was the most expensive meal we had during our trip and it was the most disappointing.   There are plenty of other nice restaurants to go to which will definitely give you a better "food" experience.  (Toque! was excellent and so was Au Pied de Cochon)This was a true "foodie" experience: great service and delicious food from start to finish.   We had a table at the top of the stairs, giving us a view of all the action - including all the dishes as they came up the stairs!  Without repeating the other reviews, my wife's lamb was succulent and sweet - amazing.   I had the most unbelievable deer chop; thick, moist and super flavorful.   With the amuse bouche, breads, intermezzo, and appetizers, it's basically like having a "tasting. ".  The wine selection was top notch, and the server suggested great choices (by the glass) for each part of the meal.  This meal exceeded my expectations in every way. Literally one of the best meals I've ever had.  Didn't look as amazing from the outside but the second you walk in, it is a great setting.  Definitely do the tasting menu.  The Halibut was the best Halibut I've ever had and the lobster soup was the best lobster dish I've ever had.  I highly recommend this place!Presentation was fantastic, food was very good.  However, the service was surprisingly poor and the wine pairing for the tasting was not impressive.  Overall, a disappointing experience. Except 200-220$ (tip included) for the Previous Commentary by Christopher M. ,  but I must add some notes.  First of all the French Toast with Foie Gras and berry with reduces Chicoutai was Extraordinary.  I think I'd have that everyday.  The Princess scallops with porcini cream was really good: The texture - almost crispy-ish of the scalopp with the creamy taste was a nice blend in mouth . It is some New French Cuisine with some extreme talent.  As for the Service, I'm French I know it was relaxed and absolutely professional and since there as no english-speaker client around our table, I must say that I don't know if they might be a language barriage of not.   The Service was fast and you could feel the kitchen staff was drilled and professionnal; The talent was constant.  I took the Menu Degustation Signature" with the accompanying wine pairing (5 glasses of wine) (too)).   Wine were approx.  some 20-50$ wine so somehow some decent quality wine.  As for the CO2 ceasar salad, it is presented as an experience therefore I could not agree on the taste.  Personally I thought i was special but not in the bad way.  Good mixed taste with the Parmeggiano but I would have found the taste a little bit more fun if the porcetta was cut in small bites and pour into the «Salad Mousse».  All the portion were really by the book of French Cuisine standard full 7 courses meal ; approx from 40 to 100g per course (2 to 4 onces) and the main course was 150g (4. 5-5 onces).  The Cheese course was really well presented and all cheesed were tempered so the flavours were enhanced and tastier.  As an ex-cheese-seller I can definately assure you the selection is good.  The presentation and the freshness and taste of desert were incredible.  Again, another point where I would disagree with the previous post is the price which is justifiable because you have some extremly high quality products that are fresh and  as an Ex-Chef I can tell that the cost of the products that are served in your dishes easiely cost 30$- 40$.  So basically if you go there and have some training in the food business, trust me, you'll be AMAZED by the technics they're employing for the menu.  I think the same Restaurant in New York City would cost approximatively 300-400$ per person.  Such products are really hard to find and not foundable in a near area. I love Euproea.  If you treat dinning as an experience as opposed to just good food, you will love it too.  I was surprised and delighted for all the gifts from the chef.  It was fun and creative.  The food is great too.  I don't think it is too expensive given the amount of variety you will receive.  Try the tasting menu.  It will be a fun night you will remember :-)So I was trying to find a restaurant comparable to Toque.   Someone suggested Europea to me.   I went there by myself.   Got an outside seat.   First, the weather was good, so it was okay.   However the club across the street was blasting dance music all night, which degraded the dining experience.   Then the dishes took at least 20 minutes each, add that to the tasting menu, and we get a 4 1/2 hour dinner.   Yes, they said it was their busiest night, but that's no excuse.    At the end, the cold night air was too much for me, and I had to call it quits early.   Even with like 10 patrons left there, the dishes were taking half an hour each.   The food was so-so.  Maybe better than your average restaurant, but nothing to wow about.   Even the full Foie Gras dish I ordered extra wasn't well balanced, with too heavy of the liver taste.   Yes, there was some hype with the thick egg soup, bringing you a whole crock pot showing you a chicken, but you got to taste about a mouthful.   The cotton candy bit (which came too late for me).   The quality of food was there, just not as good as I expected.   The place is tiny, and I am not sure doing up, downstairs and outside is the way to go.   Overall, I regret going to Europea instead of Toque.   Will not do that again. amazing execution.  Nice and creative recipe.  nice atmosphere.  Service a bit too relaxed for the place but I guess is the the Quebec way. . . .  Make it a stop when you are in Montreal, you wont regret it. Wow.  Now here is a fantastic place where they seamlessly marry amazing food with beautiful presentation.  Then there's the elegant and yet relaxed atmosphere with exemplary customer service.  We're from the SF Bay Area and have eaten at numerous amazing restaurants including several times at The French Laundry.  We were completely blown away by Europea's food-- they hit especially hard with their teaser the Lobster Cream Cappuccino with Truffle Shavings.  To.  Die.  For.  Treat yourself- go here. i think everyone can recall specific detail of many momentary tastes they had experienced in their first truly exquisite meal.  it may not be their favorite meal, or their choice of hypothetical last meal (as this often returns to something your mother made), but it is etched in each person's memory as the moment where they spent more than they ever had before, and walked away with a memory an experience, and a justification as to the value of fine flavor in a world of economic woes.  europea is that first fine meal for me.  i and my then boyfriend, and now husband, had spontaneously driven the hours and hours up to canada one year for an international film festival, and as we had been experimenting with several cooking techniques, we decided to splurge, and really try to find out what food cooked by someone with classical french cooking skill tastes like.  the person at the hotel desk recommended europea, which was located only a few blocks away. we decided on the tasting menu, with wine pairings, which was a tremendous amount of money in that we had both just started "grown up" jobs.  but it was completely worth it, and again and again, this restaurant remains my benchmark in an experience of a meal that was completely worth the amount of money we had paid. i can't recall the exact order or items of the menu.  but i will tell you that i still recall the taste of the amuse bouche as if it were ten minutes ago.  a tiny spoon, and a little espresso cup, filled with the finest, richest taste of lobster cappuchino, or bisque, that you could ever imagine.  it sent both of us into a closed eye making of a memory.  other dishes that followed included my first taste of foie gras, which was seared and served with a fruit based sauce.  of course, the meal continued on with wines, meats, cheeses, and delightful deserts, ending with the finest cup of coffee i've ever closed a meal with.  we both left, slightly tipsy, and with the feeling that we would value food as an art for the rest of our lives.  each dish cooked once, for one patron, and is different each subsequent time it is cooked due to variations in cooking time or seasons.  i felt truly lucky after this meal.  i wish i could recite to you the sequence of dishes, but honestly i wasn't of the initiated at the time that i had eaten here.  what i would recommend is that if you're in montreal and in need for a real treat, but have never had an extensive tasting menu before, take the plunge and try this restaurant which will set your standards for you.  i truly enjoyed it, and have gone on to taste the creations of the likes of pierre garnaire (paris), david chang (new york), the chefs at les ambassadeurs (paris), my boy ken oringer (boston), etc etc.  europea still remains amongst the best and of course my virgin tasting menu.  and as a result, fine food is now draining my expenses day after day, but without regret:)This was probably the biggest waste of money.   We got the table d'hote which was 60 bucks per person.   A lot of filler courses for pizzazz that just wasnt impressive, really a lot of fluff.   Started off with the lobster cappucino, which was good once you got passed the cream part.   The appetizer were parmesan crisps with goat cheese.   For appetizers we had the crab declination which was a trio of crab (not good, so bland), got the seared foie gras in which we really enjoyed the morel mushroom emulsion.   The highlight of the meal was definitely our entree.   If we had ordered only the entree we would have rated the meal higher.   We had the filet of halibut, cooked perfectly over creamy mashed potatoes, with a tomato "ketchup".   The veal cheeks were great! They were cooked perfectly, and were very flavorful.   Dessert was weird.   It was like a strawberry parfait, different, but not good with madelines.   They also brought out some petit fours consisting of passion fruit marshmellow, pistachio macarons and peach, and chocolate lollipop?  They gave us a nice parting gift of meringue cookies with nuts (although they tasted a little stale). If you want to have a different culinary experience just go there and they will amaze you with their original dishes and presentation and flavors , it is a mixture of art and flavor and presentation in each dish done by the most sophisticated chef in Montreal , he takes care to make each client a VIP In his restaurant while his very caring staff  don't leave you a second without assistance , deserves to be number one in Montreal ! BravoHad too much expectations on this restaurant for its price, but is not as good as we thought.  This place put a lot of effort on presentation and service, however I value taste more than those.  The food is not bad but it's definitely not great - and I believe the chef comes from Asian aspect since we found some similarities among the meal.  And Chinese restaurant always serves better Chinese food. Great experience at this restaurant with the staff.   We came in last minute for dinner when some other plans fell apart.   Suggestion from our concierge for a good dinner.   Took a look at the tasting menu and the wine pairing.  The menu had some dishes that we thought looked more up our alley so we opted to make our own multi course tasting menu and then challenged the sommelier to make a wine pairing to go with our made up tasting menu.   The staff was great splitting the plates and the chef did a great job of making the splits look like individual tastes instead of splitting stuff on a plate and it looking like someone just took a hatchet to it.   The wine pairings were great as well.   Overall excellent food and a great experience.   The staff made this a great experience which I would highly suggest in Montreal.   My best meal in Canada between all three cities. . .  Quebec, Montreal, and Toronto. One of my favorite things to do is take the afternoon off and go to Europea for lunch.  I opt for the chef's tasting menu then I sit back and enjoy the next 3 exciting hours.  Treat yourself to creative dishes, high quality food, impeccable service and an elegant environment.  I have always found the chef's tasting menu to be extremely generous and a great value during the lunch hour.  You won't be disappointed! I have been to Europea for the supper time service as well but I find it a better value to go at lunch time.  Just to give you an idea, the last time we spent $500 for two people at the supper time service - but you get what you pay for :) Worth every penny!If you are looking for a formal place where they will impress you with the creativity and taste of the food and money is no problem, this is the place.  But personally, there are cheaper options  with comparable food, if not better. Amazing Culinary Experience.  We just saw great reviews and only a few blocks from our hotel so walked over and luckily got a seat.  We got the meal of our life.  6-10 different small plates just come with dinner.  Venison Jerky, Goat cheese lollipops, lemon cucumber Sorbet, smoked salmon, lobster cappuccino, and a wide range of deserts.  That was on top of the wonderful Venison tartar and Calamari appitizers we ordered and the Lobster and steak for dinner.  Everything was amazing! Best calamari I have ever had.  So tender! Lobster was done perfect.  In fact everything was perfect from the ambiance to the service to the food.  Yes it costs a little, but it's well worth it.  Go, you won't be disappointed!A culinary feast!  My hubby and I chose the pre fix 12 course meal.   We literally dined for 2 1/2 hours.    Each dish was filled with rich intense yet different flavors.   Presentation is definitely part of the dining experience.    The staff was very nice and the service is excellent.  A definite must try. Exceptional foodie experience, very fine dining and original wine pairing.  Lots of creativity and almost everything perfectly executed.  Expensive but sooo good! Will definitely go back!!!(nothing polish at all here!)I really wanted to like this place.  But another disappointment yet in the foodie trip this time in Montreal.  It must be because we are not used to "good" as defined by Montreal.  People are friendly for sure.  So it's not because of service.  We had lunch reservation on a tues in May.  We both got the decouverte menu.  I chose to add the foie gras for $12.  First came the cappuccino with lobster.  Very tasty! Then the foie gras was good.  Wasn't spectacular like the stuff we had in Quebec City but definitely above average.  Then my main course of the scallop came.  It was not fresh and had sand all over it.  My hubby had the short rib and was Terrible.  It was tough and bitter.  Sauce was salty.   He gave up on it after 2 bites.  We both exchanged for the seabass.  Filet.  It was much better but not exactly tasty.  I guess we have been spoiled dining all over the world.   For French food you definitely cannot beat France.  In particular we loved the wine and champagne regions - Bordeaux and Epernay!What an experience! It's important to note that if you order from the a la carte menu (rather than the tasting menu), you're still getting bite-sized samplers of a lot of dishes along the way.  While our main dishes were delicious, because you're getting a lot of samplers both before and after your main course meal, the experience becomes more about these samplers, rather than the main course dish you actually ordered.  So if you are agonizing between two main courses -- don't fret and just order whatever "speaks" to you the most.  In the end, you'll likely be nearly full before the main dish even gets to you, so it doesn't really matter.  We had approximately six pre-main course samplers and each one was delicious and beautifully presented, and after our main course, we had approximately seven different dessert tastings (including cotton candy, macaroons, cookies, and madelines! -- is it obvious how much of a sweet tooth I have?) Europea is my new favourite restaurant for special occasions.  We were a group of six on a budget so we all only ordered main dishes (with tax and tip this came out to about $70 per person).  But it was the best $70 meal I've ever had.  It was fun to see what sampler was coming out next, and it made for some interesting conversation and was a truly unforgettable experience.  Perfect for all occasions -- anniversaries, birthdays, promotions, first dates, wooing business clients, vacations -- atmosphere is elegant and classy but not stuffy.  Might not be good for a person on a diet, a person with a lot of allergies, vegans or vegetarians who don't eat fish/seafood.  (I mean that sincerely -- you don't get to select your samplers so it's hard to "track calories" if that's what you do. )Wow. .  this is a true 5 star and this is what you would call an Experience- Restaurant! They are wonderful hosts and they know all about service.  Even before you fully read and order from the  menu, they bring little amuse-bouche to the table and each of them are utterly delightful.  I ordered the foie-gras (the best I have had), sea bass (cooked to perfection), and the dark chocolate ganache with coconut shavings (was awesome).  Even with the 3-course meal, all the other interim food, made this a very satiating dinner.  It was a 3hour dining experience with not much alcohol.  If you are pairing with drinks, it can be an even longer memorable experience.  True jewel of Montreal!Very good food.  Very different.  French and small portions awesome food.  Nice surprises from the chef.  Definitely worth checking out.  Great service.  Nice romantic location and Martinis were on point. Without question the best meal I've had.  Food and service impeccable.  Words cannot describe. This place is totally 5 star. . . . amazing food. . . and it was a great experience too. . . . it was like a 12 course meal of french cuisine. . . . beautiful service with amazing taste. . . it was our friend's birthday. . . and he throughly enjoyed the food. . . . this place is a must go. . . highly recommended. . . . Excellent experience.  Enjoyed the 10 course tasting menu coupled with the wine pairing.  Every dish had a creative spin on the presentation.  It tasted great also.  The girl I was with was done with her wine after round 6, so I doubled up on the wine glasses from 7 to 10.  Incredible night to say the least.  Bill hit $400, but worth every penny. We will definitely return here.  Excellent top of the line food and service.  Wine was divine.  They are excellent giving wine and recommendations for pairing. I'm a foodie, and have been for the last 30 years or so, when I first became an adult, and able to pay for my own dinner. Europea is probably among the top 3 places I've ever eaten.  I judge a restaurant by food (includes taste, freshness, creativity with ingredients and presentation), service and ambience.  I came here during lunch with my wife, and knew it had good ratings on trip advisor, but wanted to see for myself.  This restaurant is booked up about 10 days in advance, so I was able to get a lunch reservation because of a cancellation.  My wife and I got there 20 minutes early, they checked my reservation and escorted us to a table right away.  The service was phenomenal.  We had the Maitre'D and 2 servers waiting on us.  They came out with Maple cured beef jerky and goat cheese lollipops, with truffle popcorn as a welcome appetizer.  It was great! We ordered a combination of things. . .  the Calamari was sliced to resemble noodles and was so tender and tasty.  I got the mushroom and chestnut soup. . .  amazing! We both got the scallops with root vegetables as the entree; the bitterness of the root vegetables perfectly balanced out the sweetness of the scallops.  At the end for dessert, I got the chocolate and pistachio truffle and my wife got the Creme Brûlée. . .  both were done wonderfully. The combination of the culinary surprises, and the wonderful flavors in those dishes, married with the service gives this place 5 stars in my book.  A must visit.  We probably indulged too much, and had several cocktails, which set the bill high, but if we had one glass of wine a piece, the price would have been about $100. . .  which is about what we spend in NYC for a meal that's not equal at all. An absolute gem of a find, and if you have the opportunity to go there, you will not be let down!I trekked here in 0 degree weather, in uncomfortable heels, over patches of ice - and it was all worth it.  A dinner at Europea is by no means just a meal, but it's an interactive experience, akin to something like Alinea in Chicago (or so I've heard) and Blue Hill Stone Barns which I can attest to.  We started with crispy cheesy "cigars", infused with notes of fragrant truffle, which seemed to be the theme in the beginning.  Following the amuse bouche was another one that can only be described as a delicious bite of a ball of truffle and cheese; I literally just popped the entire thing in my mouth like a bubble gum.  And the other courses of the tasting menu kept coming - a thick and scrumptious lobster soup in a cappuccino-like presentation (also with hints of truffle), an Asian course of fresh sashimi, shrimp dumpling, and tasty seaweed, calamari cut into noodles harmoniously mixed into the yolks of poached quail eggs, hearty scallops with a generous puree sauce, a tiny dish (I think it was a small piece of salmon?) hidden in the inside of a gigantic book, a juicy helping of cornish hen that sat underneath a dome of . . .  something, not sure if that was edible, but basically I took a hammer and smashed it open, revealing the hen all tender and delectable.  The savory part of the tasting menu can't be beat, but the dessert was fantastical, unique, and reminded me of Alice in Wonderland.  The waiter brought a large "tree" made of black wire, embellished with giant fluffs of pink cotton candy; it took me back to carnivals I went to as a kid with the soft strands of sugar immediately melting in my mouth.  Hanging from the "branches" were wrapped goodies, ranging from apple-flavored marshmallows and jelly-filled cookies and macaroons - all absolutely amazing.  There's more! We put whatever sweets we couldn't finish into a large Chinese takeout box, already filled with orangey petite madeleines (sigh . . .  yummm).  And wait - there's even more! The waiter brought over a giant meringue, wrapped in cellophane, like a gift, which would have been perfect with morning coffee, but we unfortunately left that behind.  Nonetheless, it indeed gets an A in my book for the exquisite food, attentive servers, classy ambience, and innovative experiences.  Note that I haven't mentioned all the components of the meal, which means you'll just have to go and see for yourself! Enjoy!We made a reservation on our first night in Montreal without knowing what to expect.  We both chose the chef's degustation menu and were not let down.  The courses were creative and fanciful, service was professional and friendly and ambience was pleasant.  One of the best chef's tastings I've had.  We would definitely return if we make it back to Montreal in the future. Highly recommended!Europea might just be the best meal I've ever had.  I had the tasting menu, which is about $100.  A little pricey but definitely worth it. The tasting menu is a culinary experience to say the least.  The presentation of each item is very interesting and creative.  Everything was amazing.  I particularly loved the lobster cappuccino which was out of this world. This place is simply world class.  Impeccable service as well. 