Really delicious home-cooking Korean food right near McGill that is super affordable.  I arrived at about 5:30 and waited maybe 5 minutes for a table at this tiny spot.  The whole time I was there I watched the line fill and empty quickly and repeatedly, they are great at turnover here.  The room is bright and adorable, the menu is full of delicious meals, all kinds of options, more than you see in most of the other Korean restaurants around town.  The food comes out quickly and is clearly freshly made and super tasty - the fried dumplings and dolsot bibimbap were both excellent.  Maybe not quite as excellent as Chingu, but cheaper and easier to access if you're downtown and definitely full of fresh ingredients cooked up with love.  My one suggestion: get rid of the plastic plants that line the half wall between dining room and kitchen, they are just gathering dust and starting to look bad.  Also maybe give the bathroom a scrub and a fresh coat of paint before it gets really scary in there.  The staff here are awesome, fast, friendly, multi-lingual, working hard but never making you feel particularly rushed, smiles for days, just a general good vibe that, as much as the delicious food, has me looking forward to coming back. Kantapia is great for what it is - a quick eats restaurant in a student area.  The seating isn't spectacular, the ambience is bare but there is a lively buzz to the restaurant that is endearing.  The staff are friendly and give advice on what to order and take the time to explain the more complicated menu items.  The food is okay - the portions are generous.  They have specifically marked vegetarian items on the menu which is a really great point and are sweet to warn that the broth for their ramen is chicken based.  Go on a cold day when you're close by and are looking for a good meal to warm you up. Had the kim chi jjigae here.  It was really good! Generous portion of meat, rice cake and vegetables in the soup, seems relatively authentic, and the soup was tasty.  Good amount of food for 9 dollars.  Service was good - polite and friendly and efficient.  Restaurant atmosphere was casual, not too cramped, which is nice.  Would definitely go back. I've lived in South Korea for a couple years and I can say with confidence that this place does Korean food right.  One of the things I miss the most is Korean street food and this place has a wide variety of mandu, dokbokki, and kimbap to offer.  Very good prices and friendly service.  Good place to go to for take out or in you are eating alone.  One of the best dokbokki dishes that I have had outside of Korea.  You can have a decent meal here for under ten bucks.  Definitely recommend this place!Studying next door at UQAM's science HQ, I come here often for lunch.  Their bibimbap is really good, mandus as well.  So far nothing but good things to say about this place.  Taste is authentic.  Always a good option if you need to spice things up on lunch. I came here for 5 days straight.  Loved everything about it. . .  from the price to the staff.  So cheap yet so good.  The spicy tofu soup is great so are the kimbaps.  Plus unlimited kimchi and potatoes. .  perfect for the cash strapped student. Got takeout of two bibimbap (one veggie and one not).  It was fine.  but that's all.  I'm not a Korean food expert but I know what I like and I have had better bibimbap.  The staff was nice and we didn't wait long for our order.  Waiting was pleasant, as the restaurant was mostly empty and we could sit at a table to wait.  I will probably not come back. I've been waiting to review my favorite restaurant in montreal for quite some time.  I've been here more times than I can say and normally that is paired with "spent more money than I'm comfortable telling" but that isn't the case for Kantapia.  Everything is reasonably priced, with an average of $8 or $9 for a main dish.  Everything on the menu is delicious, starting from the appetizer dumplings (fried or steamed) to the bibimbap (served room temperature or warm) to the always deliciously warm (and slightly spicy raymans.  A favorite of mine & my boyfriend is to share the bibimbap & mandu rayman to balance out the cold & hot, fresh & salty tastes of the platters.  What I can't skip out on though is the overall atmosphere of this place, quite literally from a Korean cartoon "Kantapia" exhibits it so with a bubbly charm.  The homey setup of the kitchen that opens up to the eating area creates a comfortable experience so that you know your food is served freaked and prepared with care.  Usually I can find a small negative in every place that I feel necessary to point out, but honestly, this is one of my favorite Asian food places Montreal, keep on doing great things!All servers are generally foreign so have patience when it comes to comprehension! It is not out of rudeness that they ask you to repeat your order!The server was very nice and friendly, and the experience was quite pleasant overall.  Their cucumber water is very refreshing! My only issue was that the food was a little bit bland, and I would have preferred a little bit more meat in the bibimbap.  A great place if you like Korean food!I think here is exactly A-OK.  At the same time im not a big Korean Food fan, but this place is good if you want basic, not too expensive and small cute korean food place.  The food is okay, but I've had better korean food before, the service is good, and the location is good as well, in downtown on sherbrooke.  They sometimes put outdoor tables and chairs, to make a small patio, so that may be nicer than eating inside in a nice summer day. This would be the perfect place to be at during a blizzard storm.  Why? It's because you can get tasty boiling hot soups for cheap that will you keep you warm for the rest of the day.  With charming atmosphere and service, this place would be hard to beat during winter.  Once that soup is down in your belly, you feel like you can tackle snow storms!I went here many times when it first opened and wasn't really impressed.  The only things I remember liking were the sundubu jigae and the kalbi.  Recently went there out of convenience and ordered bulgogi that comes in a pot with some noodles, veggies and sliced rice cakes in a broth.  There was a good amount of marinated beef and it tasted like a nice home cooked meal.  Portions are on the smaller side but not bad for the price.  This was just under $12 but most other dishes are under $10.  It's nothing special but it does the job for those on a budget who want decent food.  Service was good. Every time I walk by Kantapia, it's full.  Every time I eat here, it's full.  And I know why.  The restaurant is kept clean, the food is fresh and delicious, the servers are polite and helpful (but they should work on smiling more), and the service is actually pretty quick for such a crowded restaurant.  The moment my Mom and sister arrived at the airport, they wanted me to take them to a Korean restaurant, and this was the first place that came to my mind.  I've always looked forward to eating here.  Bonus is that the prices are more easy on the wallet than other Korean restaurants I've been to in Montreal (If I were to give you a count, I would say about 5 others.  Seoul Chako doesn't count as a Korean restaurant to me by the way. ) We had a combo of kimbap, dukbokgi, and tigim.  Along with that, there was some jaeyook bokgeum.  Everything was very delicious.  My mom was satisfied; she couldn't pick what she liked best because they were all equally satisfying.  I would recommend this place to any of my Korean friends.  Or any friend for that matter.  I do suggest that they give out more side dishes (called banchan in Korean) because offering only two side dishes for one group seems a bit unusual in a Korean restaurant.  We had a young Korean waiter.  He was very polite, announcing the names of the dishes when they were ready to be served and apologizing when a customer sat too close to us.  When we wanted to add cheese to the kimbap in one of the combos, he told us of the extra charge that would be added ($0. 50).  And I love it when a waiter reads off all our menu items the moment we finish ordering.  It gives me the reassurance that there won't be a mistake with our order. I like the food here but my friend said it is not so good.  For korean food, it's a little bit bland. Kantapia offers one of the most affordable and tasty food you can get near McGill campus.  Within a 5 minutes walk distance from campus, the place is usually filled with hungry students.  As one of the students, I find their food very reasonably priced. The appearance inside is clean.  I personally like their style of putting kitchen near dining space.  It makes the atmosphere of this place very warm and welcoming.  Although the place is little small, I think it somehow benefits the atmosphere by adding coziness to the place as well. Service is very nice. Food is not very spicy, but you can add spicy if you ask for more.  I personally like their sundubu jjigae and seafood pancake. Overall, I would say this place is very suited for anyone who wanna have some Korean dishes with their friends or lovers.  Absolutely my favorite spot. Awesome place! Highly recommend this awesome place! Verry good and pretty affordable price.  Kinda small, but very delicious.  Everything taste fresh and homemade.  Not recommended for large group of more than 4.  There's a 2 small  outdoor tables for terrasse option. Went there with family and loved the food and ambience.   Friendly staff and amazing food. Deserves 5 star ratingAbsolutely delicious.  I discovered this place probably 2 months ago and have been back at least 4 times since.  The location is extremely convenient but more importantly- the food is great. I made the very wise decision of coming here post-workout and starving, so we ordered a large portion of what was on the menu.  The bibimbap was delicious and quite large.  The seafood pancake is one of my favourite dishes at an Korean place, and it is equally as delicious here.  I also LOVE the soft-tofu soup- nice and spicy and perfect for those cold winter, snowy days.  My boyfriend likes the pork katsu and dumplings, both of which I tasted and also enjoyed. The prices are also great, especially given that I'm a student.  My only complaint is that I wish the little side dishes at the beginning were more extensive.  At the Korean places I'm used to, in the San Francisco Bay Area, there are way more little starters than what is offered here.  Also, a couple times it took quite a while to get served even though we were there at an odd time of day and there were very few other customers.  Anyway, despite these small issues, I plan to come back relatively often- especially once the temperature drops even more!Price is great for students and its location attracts a lot of students nearby in the ghetto.  I've been here four times and always ordered bibimbap with plenty of sweet and spicy source on top to make a good mix.  I also tried Bokki this time and liked the soft rice cake.  Kantopia is my first choice when my craving for Korean food hits hard. We ordered 2 dishes and paid for 3 because the waitress failed to ask what option we wanted and brought us a seafood option when we thought seafood and porc we're optional additions to the default vegetarian stew.  Then they charged us for their error.  Food was good.  But our waitress wasn't effective and made sure that we paid for her error. Really delicious home-cooking Korean food right near McGill that is super affordable.  I arrived at about 5:30 and waited maybe 5 minutes for a table at this tiny spot.  The whole time I was there I watched the line fill and empty quickly and repeatedly, they are great at turnover here.  The room is bright and adorable, the menu is full of delicious meals, all kinds of options, more than you see in most of the other Korean restaurants around town.  The food comes out quickly and is clearly freshly made and super tasty - the fried dumplings and dolsot bibimbap were both excellent.  Maybe not quite as excellent as Chingu, but cheaper and easier to access if you're downtown and definitely full of fresh ingredients cooked up with love.  My one suggestion: get rid of the plastic plants that line the half wall between dining room and kitchen, they are just gathering dust and starting to look bad.  Also maybe give the bathroom a scrub and a fresh coat of paint before it gets really scary in there.  The staff here are awesome, fast, friendly, multi-lingual, working hard but never making you feel particularly rushed, smiles for days, just a general good vibe that, as much as the delicious food, has me looking forward to coming back. Kantapia is great for what it is - a quick eats restaurant in a student area.  The seating isn't spectacular, the ambience is bare but there is a lively buzz to the restaurant that is endearing.  The staff are friendly and give advice on what to order and take the time to explain the more complicated menu items.  The food is okay - the portions are generous.  They have specifically marked vegetarian items on the menu which is a really great point and are sweet to warn that the broth for their ramen is chicken based.  Go on a cold day when you're close by and are looking for a good meal to warm you up. Had the kim chi jjigae here.  It was really good! Generous portion of meat, rice cake and vegetables in the soup, seems relatively authentic, and the soup was tasty.  Good amount of food for 9 dollars.  Service was good - polite and friendly and efficient.  Restaurant atmosphere was casual, not too cramped, which is nice.  Would definitely go back. I've lived in South Korea for a couple years and I can say with confidence that this place does Korean food right.  One of the things I miss the most is Korean street food and this place has a wide variety of mandu, dokbokki, and kimbap to offer.  Very good prices and friendly service.  Good place to go to for take out or in you are eating alone.  One of the best dokbokki dishes that I have had outside of Korea.  You can have a decent meal here for under ten bucks.  Definitely recommend this place!Studying next door at UQAM's science HQ, I come here often for lunch.  Their bibimbap is really good, mandus as well.  So far nothing but good things to say about this place.  Taste is authentic.  Always a good option if you need to spice things up on lunch. I came here for 5 days straight.  Loved everything about it. . .  from the price to the staff.  So cheap yet so good.  The spicy tofu soup is great so are the kimbaps.  Plus unlimited kimchi and potatoes. .  perfect for the cash strapped student. Got takeout of two bibimbap (one veggie and one not).  It was fine.  but that's all.  I'm not a Korean food expert but I know what I like and I have had better bibimbap.  The staff was nice and we didn't wait long for our order.  Waiting was pleasant, as the restaurant was mostly empty and we could sit at a table to wait.  I will probably not come back. I've been waiting to review my favorite restaurant in montreal for quite some time.  I've been here more times than I can say and normally that is paired with "spent more money than I'm comfortable telling" but that isn't the case for Kantapia.  Everything is reasonably priced, with an average of $8 or $9 for a main dish.  Everything on the menu is delicious, starting from the appetizer dumplings (fried or steamed) to the bibimbap (served room temperature or warm) to the always deliciously warm (and slightly spicy raymans.  A favorite of mine & my boyfriend is to share the bibimbap & mandu rayman to balance out the cold & hot, fresh & salty tastes of the platters.  What I can't skip out on though is the overall atmosphere of this place, quite literally from a Korean cartoon "Kantapia" exhibits it so with a bubbly charm.  The homey setup of the kitchen that opens up to the eating area creates a comfortable experience so that you know your food is served freaked and prepared with care.  Usually I can find a small negative in every place that I feel necessary to point out, but honestly, this is one of my favorite Asian food places Montreal, keep on doing great things!All servers are generally foreign so have patience when it comes to comprehension! It is not out of rudeness that they ask you to repeat your order!The server was very nice and friendly, and the experience was quite pleasant overall.  Their cucumber water is very refreshing! My only issue was that the food was a little bit bland, and I would have preferred a little bit more meat in the bibimbap.  A great place if you like Korean food!I think here is exactly A-OK.  At the same time im not a big Korean Food fan, but this place is good if you want basic, not too expensive and small cute korean food place.  The food is okay, but I've had better korean food before, the service is good, and the location is good as well, in downtown on sherbrooke.  They sometimes put outdoor tables and chairs, to make a small patio, so that may be nicer than eating inside in a nice summer day. This would be the perfect place to be at during a blizzard storm.  Why? It's because you can get tasty boiling hot soups for cheap that will you keep you warm for the rest of the day.  With charming atmosphere and service, this place would be hard to beat during winter.  Once that soup is down in your belly, you feel like you can tackle snow storms!I went here many times when it first opened and wasn't really impressed.  The only things I remember liking were the sundubu jigae and the kalbi.  Recently went there out of convenience and ordered bulgogi that comes in a pot with some noodles, veggies and sliced rice cakes in a broth.  There was a good amount of marinated beef and it tasted like a nice home cooked meal.  Portions are on the smaller side but not bad for the price.  This was just under $12 but most other dishes are under $10.  It's nothing special but it does the job for those on a budget who want decent food.  Service was good. Every time I walk by Kantapia, it's full.  Every time I eat here, it's full.  And I know why.  The restaurant is kept clean, the food is fresh and delicious, the servers are polite and helpful (but they should work on smiling more), and the service is actually pretty quick for such a crowded restaurant.  The moment my Mom and sister arrived at the airport, they wanted me to take them to a Korean restaurant, and this was the first place that came to my mind.  I've always looked forward to eating here.  Bonus is that the prices are more easy on the wallet than other Korean restaurants I've been to in Montreal (If I were to give you a count, I would say about 5 others.  Seoul Chako doesn't count as a Korean restaurant to me by the way. ) We had a combo of kimbap, dukbokgi, and tigim.  Along with that, there was some jaeyook bokgeum.  Everything was very delicious.  My mom was satisfied; she couldn't pick what she liked best because they were all equally satisfying.  I would recommend this place to any of my Korean friends.  Or any friend for that matter.  I do suggest that they give out more side dishes (called banchan in Korean) because offering only two side dishes for one group seems a bit unusual in a Korean restaurant.  We had a young Korean waiter.  He was very polite, announcing the names of the dishes when they were ready to be served and apologizing when a customer sat too close to us.  When we wanted to add cheese to the kimbap in one of the combos, he told us of the extra charge that would be added ($0. 50).  And I love it when a waiter reads off all our menu items the moment we finish ordering.  It gives me the reassurance that there won't be a mistake with our order. I like the food here but my friend said it is not so good.  For korean food, it's a little bit bland. Kantapia offers one of the most affordable and tasty food you can get near McGill campus.  Within a 5 minutes walk distance from campus, the place is usually filled with hungry students.  As one of the students, I find their food very reasonably priced. The appearance inside is clean.  I personally like their style of putting kitchen near dining space.  It makes the atmosphere of this place very warm and welcoming.  Although the place is little small, I think it somehow benefits the atmosphere by adding coziness to the place as well. Service is very nice. Food is not very spicy, but you can add spicy if you ask for more.  I personally like their sundubu jjigae and seafood pancake. Overall, I would say this place is very suited for anyone who wanna have some Korean dishes with their friends or lovers.  Absolutely my favorite spot. Awesome place! Highly recommend this awesome place! Verry good and pretty affordable price.  Kinda small, but very delicious.  Everything taste fresh and homemade.  Not recommended for large group of more than 4.  There's a 2 small  outdoor tables for terrasse option. Went there with family and loved the food and ambience.   Friendly staff and amazing food. Deserves 5 star ratingAbsolutely delicious.  I discovered this place probably 2 months ago and have been back at least 4 times since.  The location is extremely convenient but more importantly- the food is great. I made the very wise decision of coming here post-workout and starving, so we ordered a large portion of what was on the menu.  The bibimbap was delicious and quite large.  The seafood pancake is one of my favourite dishes at an Korean place, and it is equally as delicious here.  I also LOVE the soft-tofu soup- nice and spicy and perfect for those cold winter, snowy days.  My boyfriend likes the pork katsu and dumplings, both of which I tasted and also enjoyed. The prices are also great, especially given that I'm a student.  My only complaint is that I wish the little side dishes at the beginning were more extensive.  At the Korean places I'm used to, in the San Francisco Bay Area, there are way more little starters than what is offered here.  Also, a couple times it took quite a while to get served even though we were there at an odd time of day and there were very few other customers.  Anyway, despite these small issues, I plan to come back relatively often- especially once the temperature drops even more!Price is great for students and its location attracts a lot of students nearby in the ghetto.  I've been here four times and always ordered bibimbap with plenty of sweet and spicy source on top to make a good mix.  I also tried Bokki this time and liked the soft rice cake.  Kantopia is my first choice when my craving for Korean food hits hard. We ordered 2 dishes and paid for 3 because the waitress failed to ask what option we wanted and brought us a seafood option when we thought seafood and porc we're optional additions to the default vegetarian stew.  Then they charged us for their error.  Food was good.  But our waitress wasn't effective and made sure that we paid for her error. Really delicious home-cooking Korean food right near McGill that is super affordable.  I arrived at about 5:30 and waited maybe 5 minutes for a table at this tiny spot.  The whole time I was there I watched the line fill and empty quickly and repeatedly, they are great at turnover here.  The room is bright and adorable, the menu is full of delicious meals, all kinds of options, more than you see in most of the other Korean restaurants around town.  The food comes out quickly and is clearly freshly made and super tasty - the fried dumplings and dolsot bibimbap were both excellent.  Maybe not quite as excellent as Chingu, but cheaper and easier to access if you're downtown and definitely full of fresh ingredients cooked up with love.  My one suggestion: get rid of the plastic plants that line the half wall between dining room and kitchen, they are just gathering dust and starting to look bad.  Also maybe give the bathroom a scrub and a fresh coat of paint before it gets really scary in there.  The staff here are awesome, fast, friendly, multi-lingual, working hard but never making you feel particularly rushed, smiles for days, just a general good vibe that, as much as the delicious food, has me looking forward to coming back. Kantapia is great for what it is - a quick eats restaurant in a student area.  The seating isn't spectacular, the ambience is bare but there is a lively buzz to the restaurant that is endearing.  The staff are friendly and give advice on what to order and take the time to explain the more complicated menu items.  The food is okay - the portions are generous.  They have specifically marked vegetarian items on the menu which is a really great point and are sweet to warn that the broth for their ramen is chicken based.  Go on a cold day when you're close by and are looking for a good meal to warm you up. Had the kim chi jjigae here.  It was really good! Generous portion of meat, rice cake and vegetables in the soup, seems relatively authentic, and the soup was tasty.  Good amount of food for 9 dollars.  Service was good - polite and friendly and efficient.  Restaurant atmosphere was casual, not too cramped, which is nice.  Would definitely go back. I've lived in South Korea for a couple years and I can say with confidence that this place does Korean food right.  One of the things I miss the most is Korean street food and this place has a wide variety of mandu, dokbokki, and kimbap to offer.  Very good prices and friendly service.  Good place to go to for take out or in you are eating alone.  One of the best dokbokki dishes that I have had outside of Korea.  You can have a decent meal here for under ten bucks.  Definitely recommend this place!Studying next door at UQAM's science HQ, I come here often for lunch.  Their bibimbap is really good, mandus as well.  So far nothing but good things to say about this place.  Taste is authentic.  Always a good option if you need to spice things up on lunch. I came here for 5 days straight.  Loved everything about it. . .  from the price to the staff.  So cheap yet so good.  The spicy tofu soup is great so are the kimbaps.  Plus unlimited kimchi and potatoes. .  perfect for the cash strapped student. Got takeout of two bibimbap (one veggie and one not).  It was fine.  but that's all.  I'm not a Korean food expert but I know what I like and I have had better bibimbap.  The staff was nice and we didn't wait long for our order.  Waiting was pleasant, as the restaurant was mostly empty and we could sit at a table to wait.  I will probably not come back. I've been waiting to review my favorite restaurant in montreal for quite some time.  I've been here more times than I can say and normally that is paired with "spent more money than I'm comfortable telling" but that isn't the case for Kantapia.  Everything is reasonably priced, with an average of $8 or $9 for a main dish.  Everything on the menu is delicious, starting from the appetizer dumplings (fried or steamed) to the bibimbap (served room temperature or warm) to the always deliciously warm (and slightly spicy raymans.  A favorite of mine & my boyfriend is to share the bibimbap & mandu rayman to balance out the cold & hot, fresh & salty tastes of the platters.  What I can't skip out on though is the overall atmosphere of this place, quite literally from a Korean cartoon "Kantapia" exhibits it so with a bubbly charm.  The homey setup of the kitchen that opens up to the eating area creates a comfortable experience so that you know your food is served freaked and prepared with care.  Usually I can find a small negative in every place that I feel necessary to point out, but honestly, this is one of my favorite Asian food places Montreal, keep on doing great things!All servers are generally foreign so have patience when it comes to comprehension! It is not out of rudeness that they ask you to repeat your order!The server was very nice and friendly, and the experience was quite pleasant overall.  Their cucumber water is very refreshing! My only issue was that the food was a little bit bland, and I would have preferred a little bit more meat in the bibimbap.  A great place if you like Korean food!I think here is exactly A-OK.  At the same time im not a big Korean Food fan, but this place is good if you want basic, not too expensive and small cute korean food place.  The food is okay, but I've had better korean food before, the service is good, and the location is good as well, in downtown on sherbrooke.  They sometimes put outdoor tables and chairs, to make a small patio, so that may be nicer than eating inside in a nice summer day. This would be the perfect place to be at during a blizzard storm.  Why? It's because you can get tasty boiling hot soups for cheap that will you keep you warm for the rest of the day.  With charming atmosphere and service, this place would be hard to beat during winter.  Once that soup is down in your belly, you feel like you can tackle snow storms!I went here many times when it first opened and wasn't really impressed.  The only things I remember liking were the sundubu jigae and the kalbi.  Recently went there out of convenience and ordered bulgogi that comes in a pot with some noodles, veggies and sliced rice cakes in a broth.  There was a good amount of marinated beef and it tasted like a nice home cooked meal.  Portions are on the smaller side but not bad for the price.  This was just under $12 but most other dishes are under $10.  It's nothing special but it does the job for those on a budget who want decent food.  Service was good. Every time I walk by Kantapia, it's full.  Every time I eat here, it's full.  And I know why.  The restaurant is kept clean, the food is fresh and delicious, the servers are polite and helpful (but they should work on smiling more), and the service is actually pretty quick for such a crowded restaurant.  The moment my Mom and sister arrived at the airport, they wanted me to take them to a Korean restaurant, and this was the first place that came to my mind.  I've always looked forward to eating here.  Bonus is that the prices are more easy on the wallet than other Korean restaurants I've been to in Montreal (If I were to give you a count, I would say about 5 others.  Seoul Chako doesn't count as a Korean restaurant to me by the way. ) We had a combo of kimbap, dukbokgi, and tigim.  Along with that, there was some jaeyook bokgeum.  Everything was very delicious.  My mom was satisfied; she couldn't pick what she liked best because they were all equally satisfying.  I would recommend this place to any of my Korean friends.  Or any friend for that matter.  I do suggest that they give out more side dishes (called banchan in Korean) because offering only two side dishes for one group seems a bit unusual in a Korean restaurant.  We had a young Korean waiter.  He was very polite, announcing the names of the dishes when they were ready to be served and apologizing when a customer sat too close to us.  When we wanted to add cheese to the kimbap in one of the combos, he told us of the extra charge that would be added ($0. 50).  And I love it when a waiter reads off all our menu items the moment we finish ordering.  It gives me the reassurance that there won't be a mistake with our order. I like the food here but my friend said it is not so good.  For korean food, it's a little bit bland. Kantapia offers one of the most affordable and tasty food you can get near McGill campus.  Within a 5 minutes walk distance from campus, the place is usually filled with hungry students.  As one of the students, I find their food very reasonably priced. The appearance inside is clean.  I personally like their style of putting kitchen near dining space.  It makes the atmosphere of this place very warm and welcoming.  Although the place is little small, I think it somehow benefits the atmosphere by adding coziness to the place as well. Service is very nice. Food is not very spicy, but you can add spicy if you ask for more.  I personally like their sundubu jjigae and seafood pancake. Overall, I would say this place is very suited for anyone who wanna have some Korean dishes with their friends or lovers.  Absolutely my favorite spot. Awesome place! Highly recommend this awesome place! Verry good and pretty affordable price.  Kinda small, but very delicious.  Everything taste fresh and homemade.  Not recommended for large group of more than 4.  There's a 2 small  outdoor tables for terrasse option. Went there with family and loved the food and ambience.   Friendly staff and amazing food. Deserves 5 star ratingAbsolutely delicious.  I discovered this place probably 2 months ago and have been back at least 4 times since.  The location is extremely convenient but more importantly- the food is great. I made the very wise decision of coming here post-workout and starving, so we ordered a large portion of what was on the menu.  The bibimbap was delicious and quite large.  The seafood pancake is one of my favourite dishes at an Korean place, and it is equally as delicious here.  I also LOVE the soft-tofu soup- nice and spicy and perfect for those cold winter, snowy days.  My boyfriend likes the pork katsu and dumplings, both of which I tasted and also enjoyed. The prices are also great, especially given that I'm a student.  My only complaint is that I wish the little side dishes at the beginning were more extensive.  At the Korean places I'm used to, in the San Francisco Bay Area, there are way more little starters than what is offered here.  Also, a couple times it took quite a while to get served even though we were there at an odd time of day and there were very few other customers.  Anyway, despite these small issues, I plan to come back relatively often- especially once the temperature drops even more!Price is great for students and its location attracts a lot of students nearby in the ghetto.  I've been here four times and always ordered bibimbap with plenty of sweet and spicy source on top to make a good mix.  I also tried Bokki this time and liked the soft rice cake.  Kantopia is my first choice when my craving for Korean food hits hard. We ordered 2 dishes and paid for 3 because the waitress failed to ask what option we wanted and brought us a seafood option when we thought seafood and porc we're optional additions to the default vegetarian stew.  Then they charged us for their error.  Food was good.  But our waitress wasn't effective and made sure that we paid for her error. Really delicious home-cooking Korean food right near McGill that is super affordable.  I arrived at about 5:30 and waited maybe 5 minutes for a table at this tiny spot.  The whole time I was there I watched the line fill and empty quickly and repeatedly, they are great at turnover here.  The room is bright and adorable, the menu is full of delicious meals, all kinds of options, more than you see in most of the other Korean restaurants around town.  The food comes out quickly and is clearly freshly made and super tasty - the fried dumplings and dolsot bibimbap were both excellent.  Maybe not quite as excellent as Chingu, but cheaper and easier to access if you're downtown and definitely full of fresh ingredients cooked up with love.  My one suggestion: get rid of the plastic plants that line the half wall between dining room and kitchen, they are just gathering dust and starting to look bad.  Also maybe give the bathroom a scrub and a fresh coat of paint before it gets really scary in there.  The staff here are awesome, fast, friendly, multi-lingual, working hard but never making you feel particularly rushed, smiles for days, just a general good vibe that, as much as the delicious food, has me looking forward to coming back. Kantapia is great for what it is - a quick eats restaurant in a student area.  The seating isn't spectacular, the ambience is bare but there is a lively buzz to the restaurant that is endearing.  The staff are friendly and give advice on what to order and take the time to explain the more complicated menu items.  The food is okay - the portions are generous.  They have specifically marked vegetarian items on the menu which is a really great point and are sweet to warn that the broth for their ramen is chicken based.  Go on a cold day when you're close by and are looking for a good meal to warm you up. Had the kim chi jjigae here.  It was really good! Generous portion of meat, rice cake and vegetables in the soup, seems relatively authentic, and the soup was tasty.  Good amount of food for 9 dollars.  Service was good - polite and friendly and efficient.  Restaurant atmosphere was casual, not too cramped, which is nice.  Would definitely go back. I've lived in South Korea for a couple years and I can say with confidence that this place does Korean food right.  One of the things I miss the most is Korean street food and this place has a wide variety of mandu, dokbokki, and kimbap to offer.  Very good prices and friendly service.  Good place to go to for take out or in you are eating alone.  One of the best dokbokki dishes that I have had outside of Korea.  You can have a decent meal here for under ten bucks.  Definitely recommend this place!Studying next door at UQAM's science HQ, I come here often for lunch.  Their bibimbap is really good, mandus as well.  So far nothing but good things to say about this place.  Taste is authentic.  Always a good option if you need to spice things up on lunch. I came here for 5 days straight.  Loved everything about it. . .  from the price to the staff.  So cheap yet so good.  The spicy tofu soup is great so are the kimbaps.  Plus unlimited kimchi and potatoes. .  perfect for the cash strapped student. Got takeout of two bibimbap (one veggie and one not).  It was fine.  but that's all.  I'm not a Korean food expert but I know what I like and I have had better bibimbap.  The staff was nice and we didn't wait long for our order.  Waiting was pleasant, as the restaurant was mostly empty and we could sit at a table to wait.  I will probably not come back. I've been waiting to review my favorite restaurant in montreal for quite some time.  I've been here more times than I can say and normally that is paired with "spent more money than I'm comfortable telling" but that isn't the case for Kantapia.  Everything is reasonably priced, with an average of $8 or $9 for a main dish.  Everything on the menu is delicious, starting from the appetizer dumplings (fried or steamed) to the bibimbap (served room temperature or warm) to the always deliciously warm (and slightly spicy raymans.  A favorite of mine & my boyfriend is to share the bibimbap & mandu rayman to balance out the cold & hot, fresh & salty tastes of the platters.  What I can't skip out on though is the overall atmosphere of this place, quite literally from a Korean cartoon "Kantapia" exhibits it so with a bubbly charm.  The homey setup of the kitchen that opens up to the eating area creates a comfortable experience so that you know your food is served freaked and prepared with care.  Usually I can find a small negative in every place that I feel necessary to point out, but honestly, this is one of my favorite Asian food places Montreal, keep on doing great things!All servers are generally foreign so have patience when it comes to comprehension! It is not out of rudeness that they ask you to repeat your order!The server was very nice and friendly, and the experience was quite pleasant overall.  Their cucumber water is very refreshing! My only issue was that the food was a little bit bland, and I would have preferred a little bit more meat in the bibimbap.  A great place if you like Korean food!I think here is exactly A-OK.  At the same time im not a big Korean Food fan, but this place is good if you want basic, not too expensive and small cute korean food place.  The food is okay, but I've had better korean food before, the service is good, and the location is good as well, in downtown on sherbrooke.  They sometimes put outdoor tables and chairs, to make a small patio, so that may be nicer than eating inside in a nice summer day. This would be the perfect place to be at during a blizzard storm.  Why? It's because you can get tasty boiling hot soups for cheap that will you keep you warm for the rest of the day.  With charming atmosphere and service, this place would be hard to beat during winter.  Once that soup is down in your belly, you feel like you can tackle snow storms!I went here many times when it first opened and wasn't really impressed.  The only things I remember liking were the sundubu jigae and the kalbi.  Recently went there out of convenience and ordered bulgogi that comes in a pot with some noodles, veggies and sliced rice cakes in a broth.  There was a good amount of marinated beef and it tasted like a nice home cooked meal.  Portions are on the smaller side but not bad for the price.  This was just under $12 but most other dishes are under $10.  It's nothing special but it does the job for those on a budget who want decent food.  Service was good. Every time I walk by Kantapia, it's full.  Every time I eat here, it's full.  And I know why.  The restaurant is kept clean, the food is fresh and delicious, the servers are polite and helpful (but they should work on smiling more), and the service is actually pretty quick for such a crowded restaurant.  The moment my Mom and sister arrived at the airport, they wanted me to take them to a Korean restaurant, and this was the first place that came to my mind.  I've always looked forward to eating here.  Bonus is that the prices are more easy on the wallet than other Korean restaurants I've been to in Montreal (If I were to give you a count, I would say about 5 others.  Seoul Chako doesn't count as a Korean restaurant to me by the way. ) We had a combo of kimbap, dukbokgi, and tigim.  Along with that, there was some jaeyook bokgeum.  Everything was very delicious.  My mom was satisfied; she couldn't pick what she liked best because they were all equally satisfying.  I would recommend this place to any of my Korean friends.  Or any friend for that matter.  I do suggest that they give out more side dishes (called banchan in Korean) because offering only two side dishes for one group seems a bit unusual in a Korean restaurant.  We had a young Korean waiter.  He was very polite, announcing the names of the dishes when they were ready to be served and apologizing when a customer sat too close to us.  When we wanted to add cheese to the kimbap in one of the combos, he told us of the extra charge that would be added ($0. 50).  And I love it when a waiter reads off all our menu items the moment we finish ordering.  It gives me the reassurance that there won't be a mistake with our order. I like the food here but my friend said it is not so good.  For korean food, it's a little bit bland. Kantapia offers one of the most affordable and tasty food you can get near McGill campus.  Within a 5 minutes walk distance from campus, the place is usually filled with hungry students.  As one of the students, I find their food very reasonably priced. The appearance inside is clean.  I personally like their style of putting kitchen near dining space.  It makes the atmosphere of this place very warm and welcoming.  Although the place is little small, I think it somehow benefits the atmosphere by adding coziness to the place as well. Service is very nice. Food is not very spicy, but you can add spicy if you ask for more.  I personally like their sundubu jjigae and seafood pancake. Overall, I would say this place is very suited for anyone who wanna have some Korean dishes with their friends or lovers.  Absolutely my favorite spot. Awesome place! Highly recommend this awesome place! Verry good and pretty affordable price.  Kinda small, but very delicious.  Everything taste fresh and homemade.  Not recommended for large group of more than 4.  There's a 2 small  outdoor tables for terrasse option. Went there with family and loved the food and ambience.   Friendly staff and amazing food. Deserves 5 star ratingAbsolutely delicious.  I discovered this place probably 2 months ago and have been back at least 4 times since.  The location is extremely convenient but more importantly- the food is great. I made the very wise decision of coming here post-workout and starving, so we ordered a large portion of what was on the menu.  The bibimbap was delicious and quite large.  The seafood pancake is one of my favourite dishes at an Korean place, and it is equally as delicious here.  I also LOVE the soft-tofu soup- nice and spicy and perfect for those cold winter, snowy days.  My boyfriend likes the pork katsu and dumplings, both of which I tasted and also enjoyed. The prices are also great, especially given that I'm a student.  My only complaint is that I wish the little side dishes at the beginning were more extensive.  At the Korean places I'm used to, in the San Francisco Bay Area, there are way more little starters than what is offered here.  Also, a couple times it took quite a while to get served even though we were there at an odd time of day and there were very few other customers.  Anyway, despite these small issues, I plan to come back relatively often- especially once the temperature drops even more!Price is great for students and its location attracts a lot of students nearby in the ghetto.  I've been here four times and always ordered bibimbap with plenty of sweet and spicy source on top to make a good mix.  I also tried Bokki this time and liked the soft rice cake.  Kantopia is my first choice when my craving for Korean food hits hard. We ordered 2 dishes and paid for 3 because the waitress failed to ask what option we wanted and brought us a seafood option when we thought seafood and porc we're optional additions to the default vegetarian stew.  Then they charged us for their error.  Food was good.  But our waitress wasn't effective and made sure that we paid for her error. 