Amazing experience. The piglet risotto with foie gras shavings was incredible and the venison entree was the best dish I've ever had in my life. It was cooked perfectly on the rare side and all the accompaniments were perfect- braised baby Brussels sprouts, tender gnocchi, and the sauces- just unbelievably good.We definitely splurged on this dinner reservation, but it was worth every penny. We tried out other places we saw, which were endorsed by travel and food shows, but this place blew them out of the water. Save your money and don't waste your time- just come here.Very interesting menu with incredibly large selection of wines. I find the selection to be in the unnecessary expensive price range however can be suitable for wine connaisseur. Meal was very pleasant with rich flavours and various tastes but I find some flavours were too strong and unnecessary for the dishes to be tastefull. The ambiente is nice but very loud due to low ceiling. All in all,  good but not excellent. Food was all Luke warm.We had dinner at Le Club Chasse et Pêche. Service was excellent - the servers were very knowledgeable about their menu and answered our questions about the menu very well. The atmosphere is romantic and dim-lit. Very classy :)DRINKS:weingut Robert Weil, Rheingau, riesling trocken 2013 (pour moi)celler Hidalgo Albert, Priorat ''1270 a Vuit'' 2008 (pour mon copain)TRUFFLE PASTA (5/5)This was the special of the day and I highly recommend this! I hope they continue making this dish as a regular. The truffle flavour tasted amazing - a very nice combination with the creamy pasta. Loved this!BRAISED PIGLET RISOTTO (3/5)(with foie gras shavings)I got to admit, first bite was AMAZING! But the more I ate this, the saltier it got. The foie gras shavings were perfect though (but keep in mind, I'm biased about FGs, I love them! haha)OCEAN DELIVERY (4/5)(Cod fish, black rice, turnips, russula)This was so delicious. The cod fish was soft and the side dishes paired well with it. I needed something on the lighter end as my dinner from the night before was too fatty haha.VENISON (4/5)(hubbard squash, gnocchi, girolle, Louis d'or)The meat was delicious and tender. I liked the purée portion of the dish - adds so much flavour to the dish!Memorable. Everything was executed beautifully and tasted delicious. Set in an intimate, cellar-like room, warm, dim lighting and impeccable service make for the perfect dining experience, whether it's a special occasion with friends or loved ones, family, or perhaps a client you want to impress!Chasse et Peche is a very nice restaurant nestled in Old Port. Inside reminded me a bit of Gibby's--low ceilings, exposed stone walls. We went for a fairly early dinner (6PM) so it was rather quiet but it continued to pick up as the meal went on. Fine dining vibes without being too pretentious. Service was definitely a highlight. Our server explained the entire menu in great detail and was very attentive. We started with oysters and tried two of each kind--all were delicious. For the main, I couldn't resist the "Chasse et Peche" after hearing the waiter describe it. The surf and turf platter was outstanding, with each meat/seafood prepared perfectly and a fantastic sauce to go with it. Overall a great experience at Chasse et Peche!P.S. make sure you write down the address or you'll walk right by the door without a sign!Took me many years before I actually try this place. It was an amazing experience. I started with the ginger martini, unique & delicious! Then we shared about 5 entrees, all of them very good. Among all 5, the scallops really impressed me, simple put perfectly cooked. The sweetbreads, risotto, tartare were also really good. As for a main, most of us decided to go with Club chasse & peche. Steak and lobster + lobster risottos. I thought it would be too much but the portion was perfect. I just found it was a little overpriced (60$) for what you get. Overall, it was one of the best meals I've ever had in Montreal, but I personally still prefer their other address (Filet).Truly outstanding meal.After a 5 year hiatus, I returned to Montreal looking for some great meals and Le Club Chasse et Peche was an unexpected surprise hit. The cellar environment was romantic. Both my wife (a fish lover) and I (a meat lover) enjoyed the food thoroughly. We also recommend Bocato and Au Pied de Cochon but found Chez l'Épicier to be past its prime.Came here for brothers birthday dinner. Didn't start out well due to the long wait to order and the drinks weren't great. But this food? Was spectacular. Probably the best restaurant I've been to especially with all three courses. I started with the hamachi tartar and it's probably the best I've ever had. So creamy and delicious. I ordered the surf and turf which that night was half a lobster on top of a 75 day aged filet of veal. Both were cooked perfectly and it was a perfect entree. I finished with the bomb dessert. As everyone says on these reviews, it's great! Only problem is it melts pretty quickly so eat it fast!If ever in Montreal, I will visit 100%!This place is delicious and classy.I will say that our waiter's tastes did not match ours at all. We asked for recommendations and I (very graciously) went against his recommendations and went with what I thought sounded awesome.. and I was right. People are my table changed their minds based on the water's recommendations and they were not happy. Not a big deal though. I had fish, and the 2 people I was with had steaks and we all loved our food.The dessert is the best part so make sure to save room. I had the strawberry one. Highly highly recommended.If you are looking for a classic place that basically delivers on food and service, this is it.  While the decor is a bit dated, the food is very good. I was not amazed by anything here, but I appreciated the tasty food and the well-presented plates.I would choose this for....* Romantic dinner* Safe dinner- no surprises here. Pretty straightforward surf n turf, scallops, chocolate, etc.* old Montreal* wine list* old school meal that is not exactly a steakhouseAnthony Bourdain was right! This place is amazing. I must say I was impressed with the food and the different flavors on one plate that happens to go perfectly together. Only problem with this restaurant is that the portions are miniature. What surprised me is that even though the portions were small somehow at the end of the dinner we were satisfied. We ordered the scallops ( 1 scallop per person)  and the tuna with sweetbreads for appetizer and for main course we shared the deer w gnocchi. We didn't order dessert but they surprised us with an ice cream and tart at the end! Love when this happens :)The outside of the restaurant is humble and low profile. Since it was hard to see the inside from the outside, I thought that the restaurant was a small tranquil place. Once I entered, I knew that I was wrong. The place was packed with so many people. There was so many things going on. The staff were moving left and right, the customers were smiling, the place was bigger than I expected, and the decor was inviting. Imagine being inside of an inn or a castle during medieval times, that. As for the food, my entrée was bison ravioli which was good. The dessert of frozen maple parfait was alright but my main dish of surf 'n' turf was amazing. The meats were perfectly cooked and the seasoning was spot on. Very memorable dish. Overall, a good restaurant suggested by many reviewers and I can see why.Around the corner from Chateau Ramezay, Le Club Chasse et Peche is the epitome of rustic charm. With dark walls and old brick columns, the restaurant had a man-cave vibe that contributed to the congenial and boisterous atmosphere. There was the pleasant undercurrent that shows up right before the holidays.While the menu was fairly limited, every item sounded terrific so it took a while for us to make our final selections. We shared the piglet risotto which we were told it was a customer favorite. The dish was well-prepared and flavorful - just not to my taste.As entrée, I had the duck breast, which was perfectly prepared and served at the right temperature with thinly-sliced root parsley, small onions, in a wonderful sauce. I also loved the two small crispy morsels of duck, in a confit preparation. I usually don't comment on this aspect of a meal but the presentation was lovely.Dessert was also incredible. The chocolate tart had a shortbread crust and a flowing caramel interior. The 80% chocolate sorbet mellowed the sweetness of the tart.Service was outstanding.Highlights - Fantastic FoodOpportunities - Wine selections by the glassDo order the piglet risotto with shavings of foie gras, it was so rich I am sure glad I ordered this as my main entree.  The daily vegetables made a nice addition to it.  Surf and turf was nice too, my partner love the fried lobster rice balls.  Wagu beef was some of the best along with the New Zealand lobster tail.  I started with the fresh crab, but might be tempted to try another dish.  Wines by the glass seemed a bit lacking in terms of taste/flavor profiles for a restaurant of this caliber, where is/was the sommelier?   The chocolate dessert did not disappoint, but would have preferred a french press coffee versus the americano.  Worth getting the reservation.  (they will not let you bring in your own bottle of wine)Very cool place. In a tucked away location in the middle of Montréal. The ambiance was very nice, not dark where I couldn't see the menu but not glaring bright either. The staff wore sophisticated uniform. The hostess was very pleasant and we had a table of our choice. The server was very knowledgeable and described everything on the the menu for us! Very impressive.Appetizer was risotto with braised pig, slices of foie gras. Portion was small but it was just enough because the flavor was so decadent. The chef was nice and split it into 2 portions for us. Eating half of 1 portion was perfect. Great recommendation by the server.My dinner was was piglet with Jerusalem artichokes, chestnuts, and kale and my date's was duck, foie gras, blood oranges, spelt, and turnip. The piglet was cooked to a juicy soft texture, the combination of artichokes, chestnuts and kale with the piglet was fantastic. The duck was cooked perfectly. Foie gras was melt in your mouth delicious and flavorful. The blood oranges were in harmony with the spelt and turnip. We paired our dishes with red wine. I would not change a thing about the dinner. It was fantastic.I'm not sure what it is about this restaurant. It does everything right (decor, service, menu) and my wife says the scallops she ordered the last time we were here were the best she's ever had (in fact, everyone at my table that ordered fish or seafood were very impressed). That said, none of the people I know are ever particularly excited to go back. Maybe it's lacking a bit of personality?Ranks in Top 10 meals of my life.Perfect preparation.Perfect presentation.Perfect service (though leaning on the inform, humorous side).Perfect ambience.May have partly been from the romance of being a Californian in Montreal and knowing that I was eating at one of the Eater 38 for Montreal.For the first course Erin and I shared the expertly grilled and seasoned octopus along with a dish of caramelle pasta with sweetbreads. Each of these dishes was phenomenal and super perfect.We each ordered our own entree. I ordered a delicious pairing of venison two ways, one filet was grilled rare and the other was slow roasted into a rendered and tendered set of bites from heaven. The meet was served with a wild berry reduction. The berries and cabbage did much to balance and complement the richness of the meat. Erin ordered a magnet duck breast served with a confit duck leg.That was quite a bit of food, but as we still had wine we ordered a cheese plate of three cheeses served at exactly the right temperature to enjoy. Sadly I can't remember the names of the cheese, I'll have to call for future reference. The first cheese was a salty blue cheese from France. The second was a thin slice of a hearty cows milk cheese from France. The final was a soft in texture and flavor goat cheese from Canada.We were completely impressed. Extensive wine list. The service was impeccable. The food was exquisite... The best hamachi Tatar we ever had... Oysters were fresh...Duck was amazing in taste and texture... The boar was a special and was also good... Desert was ok but the food was shineOne of the best if not the best dining experience I've had. This place is truly a gem in Montreal, and is the highlight of my visit to this city. I placed my trust in Yelp to find me an authentic, sophisticated French restaurant with amazing food and hospitality. Yelp did not disappoint.To start off, making a reservation was not difficult and I was able to book the exact time that I wanted. When I called to let them know I was arriving late, they were super accommodating and assured me that everything would be okay. When I arrived, I was seated right away and the entire restaurant was welcoming.Our server recommended a great wine for us to start off the night. Then he explained the menu thoroughly, which was very helpful because all the French dishes can get confusing sometimes. He was very down to earth during the process, so nothing pretentious there. We made our choices and ordered the following: hamachi tartare, niçoise, olives oysters with charismacod, fingerling, smoked mackerel, romanesco, cippolini The oysters were fresh with a delicious, light sauce that highlighted the oyster's flavor. The cod was perfectly seasoned and melted in my mouth. I was 100% satisfied for our meal.All the waiters and servers were super friendly and genuinely made me feel welcomed. I would honestly come to Montreal just to dine here again.The restaurant has an old European feel. Service good. Sashimi appetizer was small but delicious. Wild boar appetizer was good with delicious lobster ravioli. The Halibut entree was okay but could have been fresher and not frozen. Wine by the glass is quite expensive, $16 for French Chablis.It is a lovely restaurant, lots of ambiance, and good for special occasions.Had seared scallops, duck breast and a dessert of chocolate. Service was great, food is well-presented and tasty as well. Great wine selection from glasses. Inner decoration is mostly dark and black. I think the atmosphere suits with any special occasion. However, the only problem is that this restaurant is very hard to find since there is no sign on street.I would recommend this restaurant for- * a date or double date- * a dinner with friends- * any special occasionAnother one of my favorite restaurants. You need to reserve several weeks early and it´s expensive. BUT SO WORTH IT! Among the best meals I had - ever. Outstanding.What an amazing experience! Everything was exceptional: service, food, atmosphere! Worth every dollar spent!Great atmosphere and great food. Located in Montreal's historic "vieux" district with a lot of fun bars and nightlife nearby, not to mention a bustling waterfront. A short walk from the Notre Dame cathedral also, if church visiting is your thing.Chasse et Pache delivered on all fronts - exceptional service, delicious food and an awesome ambiance. Imagine being in a cave, but one that was classy nonetheless. The special occasion of my Dad's birthday for which I frequented this joint was well served. Highly recommended for anyone in Montreal, either visiting or permanentlyAwesome Place,The Food is Crazy Delicious,The staff are Great.The price is a Bit Pricy BUT it worth Every penny.I love this Place i'm Sure Next time i will Be visiting Canada i'll Stop by againI want to love Le Club Chasse et Peche, I really do. The ambiance, the old world charm and the staff are all lovely, but the only thing that has me wanting to come back are the oysters, nothing else knocked my socks off. We have so many amazing restaurants in Montreal that I was expecting more I guess, but this place seems to really cater to tourists and snotty business groups trying to impress clients.My fish dish was so very salty thanks to the sauce they put on it, I could barely finish it and we had to order more water. The desserts were ok, again, nothing special. Nice wine list, especially if you like French reds, but unless dinner is on someone else's tab, I don't think I'll be coming back as I've given it 2 tries now and left with the same impression.A charming old town restaurant serving fine  Montreal French cuisine, which typically tends to be laced with too much maple syrup. They do a better job of not over powering the sweetness compared to others in town. Exceptional food, extensive French wine list and service. I had two appetizers for dinner, hamachi tartar and smoke octopus served with fresh garbanzo beans. My colleagues had the duck, scallops, char, etc. The winning dish for me was the  piglet risotto with fois gras.  It was rich and decadent.  Will definitely be back for more.Loved the food.  Treated us "americans" like normal folk.  Reservations honored on time.  Great wine selection.Neither Susan or I have ever had such a knowledgeable and charming waiter, nor have either of us had such an extraordinary dining experience.  As other reviewers have stated, the piglet braised risotto with foie gras shavings was an amazingly flavorful dish.  We shared it, which was perfect.  Susan had the duck, which was incredible, and I had the veal filet, which is now my favorite meal ever eaten at any restaurant in the world.  We have a home two and a half hours away in Vermont, and would consider driving here for dinner and then going home after.  Cheers to Gabriel, the best waiter ever!Lovely restaurant for a nice quiet meal among friends or family. Portion sizes are just perfect for a three course meal. I would highly recommend trying the risotto with foie gras shavings (a classic), the frito misto (seasonal appetizer) or the grilled octopus. The hamachi tartare was milder tasting than the other appetizers I tried and did not stand out as much. I wish I had the chance to try the scallops as it is also a classic that's been on the menu since day 1. For the main course, the duck magret is done to perfection, but it does have a bit of a gamier taste that took a few bites to get used to. My partner's suckling pig was so good I wish I had switched plates with him. As for desserts, the maple parfait was indulgingly sweet. Our entire party thought that the desserts were all too sweet for our palate, but I think that's just personal preference. Overall,we had a very pleasant and satisfying meal. It cost about $60-70 per person before taxes and tips, without drinks. If you are ready to splurge, the quality of food and the service that comes along with it will not disappoint you.All around outstanding. Must haves include the  piglet risotto and cavatelli snow crab.Our evening here was outstanding in all respects. It was on the top of my list of dining possibilities for Montreal but we almost didn't go because wife was concerned it would be just too fancy for us and our touristy clothes. But on her afternoon stroll she stopped by and asked and they assured her we'd be fine. I'm not saying come in flip flops and a tee shirt - definitely don't - but men can get away with neat casual; jacket and tie definitely not required. Once inside we found all kinds of diners, from couples sharing a romantic dinner, to a group of 8 men out on a wine-tasting extravaganza, to a family of father, mother, and well-behaved child who it was apparent was thrilled to be there.I'm not sure of the origin of the name, which translates "Hunting and Fishing Club". The decor is funky but in an elegant way. It's dimly lit and almost all black: walls, ceilings, floor, even the tapestry on one wall, which is black with many contrasting shades of dark. I agree with other reviewers who likened the interior to a cave. But if so, it's a very beautiful cave, inviting not spooky, airy not musty.The menu is rather short. And descriptions are brief. But almost everything sounded intriguing and I knew I probably couldn't go wrong with any choice. But I had questions. Not to worry. The waitress proceeds to explain all the items in complete detail. This process took over 5 minutes - I'm not exaggerating. And for you English speakers (like ourselves) don't worry; they are all perfectly fluent in French and English (to the extent that I have no idea if our waitress was a native English speaker or French).Unfortunately for our decision making, her descriptions just intrigued me even more, making it even harder to make a decision. Everything sounded so good. We finally decided on the Arctic Char for me, and Venison Two Ways (tenderloin and short ribs) for her. We started with an appetizer of Waygu beef to share, and a tray of the house vegetables to accompany our meal.I won't attempt to describe any of these in detail. I could not do them justice, especially as it was several days ago and my memory of them is fading. But every dish excelled in every way: the taste, creativity, and presentation. I will say that my wife, not a fan of rare meat, especially game like venison, followed their recommendation to have it prepared as the chef intended (seared on one side, rare on the other). Something about the way that it was explained to her, and the restaurant's reputation, made her confident that she shouldn't second-guess the chef's decision here, and she was not disappointed; she finished every morsel (as did I).The wine list was huge; probably the largest I have ever seen. Of course, most of them were well out of our price range (they even had a few bottles in the multi-thousand dollar range!) We did order a bottle for around $50, which was pretty close to the low end, but was quite good to our amateur palettes. Don't worry about getting a "corked" bottle; the sommelier tastes it first! I have never seen this before and was a little surprised but he's an expert and I know he got less than 1/4 ounce of our bottle.Portions may be slightly on the small side, but were really more than adequate. I think we get used to the excessive portions that are often served, and are surprised when we finish everything without feeling uncomfortably stuffed and don't take anything home. And that means that we had room for dessert - one for each of us! Some sort of chocolate tart with chocolate sorbet for her, and a squash cake with ginger ice cream for me. Both amazing, the squash cake especially memorable.I adored this restaurant. I took my parents there for my father's birthday and both of them were really impressed.The meals are on the smaller side, but they are very filling. I had the Surf and Turf: the scallops as well as the filet mignon were cooked perfectly. The accompanying marinated veggies were intricate and simply delicious.As for the decor, the restaurant is located in an old brick building - chic and classy.Everything at this place is delicious - each plate is more delicious than the last. There aren't even words in English for how good this place is, which is probably why Toronto food is so bland.Yes, the space is cozy and comfy but the food is only so so.  Le Club Chasse Et Peche offers (and delivers) diverse local ingredients prepared in original and complex ways but surprisingly, it  falls flat when it comes to flavour.  It's not bad, mind you, but just nothing special.  I had the salmon and my dining partner had the duck. They were nice, but in no way were they excellent.  Perhaps is was just a bad night for the kitchen (the wait was really really long). The wait staff was attentive and informed, but a little too talkative for my taste.  The wine list is HUGE but really expensive (I know my wines!).  I expected so much from this establishment but was let down.My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. The restaurant is in the Old Port section of Montreal just one street east of Place Jacques Cartier so even before you arrive, the walk in the surrounding area is quite beautiful. We were greeted warmly at the door and continued to have above par service all night. This is a fine dining establishment and is on the more expensive side of dining out but the quality of food, service and ambience are enough to create an experience that justifies the money you are spending. We had oysters 3 ways, foie gras, chasse et peche (sweetbreads, lobster meat, over a lobster ravioli) and two different chocolate desserts. As well as some cheese after dinner to finish our wine. Everything was cooked to perfection and the flavours were all incredible even when I thought they might not be my favourite. Little touches like automatically splitting our four gras appetizer for us without having to ask and after overhearing is trying to decide between two desserts simply bringing both out to us (we had only ordered one of them) made this experience exceptional. Highly recommended to any and all.Although the name translates to "The Hunting and Fishing Club" there's no membership required to dine here. Don't tell your friends that though, as the experience is very much that of slipping into one of Montreal's old dining dens. While most restaurants in the Old Montreal section try to draw you in with large windows peering into their fancy spaces with mediocre food, you could quite easily miss the small sign next to the unassuming 18th century door that leads to Le Club. I'm guessing that's just the way they like it.Once inside, the old world experience continues with arched doorways leading to numerous small dining chambers. Ours was dimly lit with stone and darkly painted walls, about six tables and a bar featuring an exposed brick vaulted ceiling. The crowd was well-dressed with a reasonable mix of locals and tourist. Yet for a what is essentially a fancy French restaurant, Le Club manages not to be stuffy or pretentious.The food is rich and it helps if you are too (entrees are in the mid- to high- $30s), but it was consistently some of the best french cooking I have experienced. There was not one item I wouldn't order again, although every item on the smallish menu was intriguing in its own way. So if you're up for something fancier, don't waste your money on the many tourist traps in Old Town. Enjoy a real Old Montreal dining experience here you won't regret.Top Dishes:Braised Piglet Risotto: What's that you say? A pork risotto sounds too light to you. How about we top it with some crispy foie gras shavings then. God bless French Canadiens.Foie Gras: They love their foie in Montreal and they do seem to have some of the best stuff on the market. This one sits on a bed of vegetables and mushrooms including...wait for it...truffles. Continue your decadence with a plate of this.Suckling Pig: A perfect cut of pig, with a crisped outer layer of fat providing a bacony flavor to the tender chop within. As with every other dish, it needs a decadent topping and this time that topping is marrow. Fantastitique.Amazing food, outstanding service! A must-go when in Montreal! My filet was cooked to perfect at medium rare and my lobster was succulent & juicy. Every bite was mouthwatering.Disarming and unobtrusive serviceWhimsical, restful, tasteful decorMassive entree portions and small appetizersVegetarians bewareDuck with plums and foie gras... Super rich and good on a bed of quinoa and chopped nutsScallops appetizer seared to perfection and drizzled with a surprising candied lemon sauceVegetables with panache was a surprise, four vegetable sides on a plate, great bargain.The best meal we had in Montreal. A cool vibe, attentive, professional service, but the food... Was divine. The Chasse et Peche namesake (their surf & turf) was a veal with lobster tail. The char with ravioli was incredible. Don't skip the scallop as appetizer and ANYTHING on their dessert menu!We heard such good things about this restaurant from Yelpers and the concierge at our hotel that we were anticipating a terrific experience.  The room was large and "clubby" with a nice buzz and decent class of clientele.  But the food was disappointing.  It is a limited menu, maybe only 10 main courses, and given the large capacity of the place, they should have a lot of practice.  The foie gras was too heavy on the garlic.  Our veal main course was raw and had to go back.  The suckling pig had lots of fat and gristle to the point where a slice of honey baked ham would have been better! The bread was very run-of-the-mill.  All-in-all, overrated.Chasse et Peche is a solid French restaurant in old town.  It was a good meal and while I felt happy with the experience I have to say there are better, more innovative restaurants in Montreal to dine (Europea, XO Le Restaurant).  That said, if you're looking for something good in old town, you can't go wrong here.  What I had:- Crab two ways with Alsatian Pinot Blanc- Lamb Carpaccio waffle with Barolo- Wild Boar two ways with Barolo- Frozen maple syrup parfait topped by chocolate chips, with Sclavus muscat de Cephalonie "vin doux du Soleil" 2011Ate one of the best meals of my life at Le Club Chasse Et Peche. My wife and I went to Montreal on vacation over the July 4th holiday, and ate at Peche on July 4th. We did the tasting menu, and had half a dozen different appetizers as well.Honestly can't say enough good things about this place! I like that the menu is simple, all the choices are incredibly delicious, the staff are very attentive, the servers are very knowledgable and personable (which is great because I don't like fine dining with the pretentiousness), and despite the wine list being extensive the servers know what goes best with your own taste and the dishes you've ordered. The atmosphere is also very cozy and intimate, great for a dinner with friends or a romantic date. You have to eat here if visiting Montreal! And reservations are necessary.One of the best restaurants I have visited lately.Very unassuming from the outside but warm and cozy on the inside.We tried the scallops and the fois gras followed by the suckling pig and surf and turf. All accompanied by 2 nice bottles of Italian red.We closed with a cheese plate and port.Everything was well prepared and the service was impeccable. Waiter was extremely helpful explaining the dishes to a couple of Anglos and in selecting the wines.Can't wait till business takes me back to Montreal.I ate here over the summer for the first time and the food was like art on a plate! It's very pricey and the portions are small but the food quality and taste was excellent. The menu choices were pretty limited so to start i went with the seared scallops, they were perfectly cooked and tasty but it had a sweet sauce that i was not too fond of. As a main i had the surf n' turf which the server recommended. It was delicious! Lobsters claws with a nice juicy and tender fillet mignon. One of the best things I've ever eaten! *I have photos :)An interesting place.  Formal dining in a less than formal environment--which included tourists (like us) in more casual attire.  We were tired from a day of wonderful visits---museums, cathedrals, etc, and were in no mood for a noisy meal at one of the crowded bistros on Rue St. Paul.  We looked in vain for something more subdued.  Finally found Chasse Et Peche almost hidden from sight on Rue St. Claude.  Cool and quiet--refuge from the crowds. We ordered, we waited.  And we were rewarded with very good entrees and shared a desert..  My wild boar dish was probably the best meal I had in Montreal--a -substantial portion, yet refined flavors, delicate enough to bing out subtle textures of pasta,and kale and pancetta.. My dining partner had Arctic char, with similar conclusion---very nice preparation in a coconut reduction.  Not inexpensive--Wine glases start at $10 or so, although we both enjoyed a beer because after hours of walking around the Old City, we were in the mood for something refreshing.   Still, the meal ended up being abut $150 w/tip.  A nice experience, with a very responsive staff.An outstanding experience all around. Went here for a business dinner and thankfully I didn't have to pick up the tab. It's pricey but I think it's safe to say you get your money's worth. Had the foie gras accompanied with a sweet dessert type wine. The sweetness helped balance the rich flavors. For entree, I went with the duck and every bite was a deluge of flavor. We had a plate of vegetables with panache which included seasonal ferns. Who knew? They were great. I was ready to burst at this point but was told I had to have dessert so I had a maple syrup parfait topped with dark chocolate and raspberry sauce. Decadence, indeed.My wife and I found this restaurant on Trip Advisor. We were lucky enough to get a late reservation. We arrived about 10 minutes prior to our reservation, and they seated us. The ambiance was wonderful, and the staff was very friendly. There were so many wonderful things on the menu, that we ordered several appetizers and 2 entrees (so we could share). I had a salad come first and my wife the Foie Gras. The Foie Gras was probably the best I've had. I also had the Octopus, which was cooked amazingly well.After the first 3 dishes came out, it seemed to take quite a bit of time for our server to come around and check on us, as our drinks needed refilling. I got someone's attention, and they brought us over refills. More time went by (about 30 minutes), and I saw a table next to us get their entrees (I noticed this, because I ordered the Lamb Shank as well), and this party arrived at the restaurant 30 minutes after we had. I found the manager and informed him of this. I ended up requesting my bill, because by this time, we had been at the restaurant for well over 2 hours.Even though this was a hiccup in a wonderful evening, the manager was very accomodating and got us our check, and comp'ed us for one of the items. Perhaps my experience wasn't normal for them; and maybe they were busier than it appeared to me, however, I felt that if the servers would have informed us that certain things would take longer, give us a complimentary drink if there'a a problem in the kitchen, etc., I would have felt better about the evening. For the amount of money I was paying there, I think that would have been an easy solution. On the positive side, the food we did get was exquisite, and the ambiance was amazing. I do recommend this restaurant, I just hope the management is more resonsive to a situation before it develops into a problem.Oysters with Charisma.You can imagine my skepticism when I came across this name on Le Club's petite but saturated menu. What you cannot imagine is the singular way in which my face gave away to an embarrassing public foodgasm when I ingested not one, not two, but a dozen of these sea treasures. They were simply heavenly. If only I can inhale them by the pound. Every day. For the rest of my life.  Quite literally (whatever that means), every dish we ordered at this hideaway gem of a restaurant was a knockout, and due to the sheer brilliance of those oysters, I am unable to recall the names of any other dishes I had. So be it. As long as both you and I know that Le Club has the potential to offer one of the more memorable dinning experiences of your life. Oh, je t'aime!The ambience is  very intimate and the crowd is very lively. The food is amazing too of course.Wow! What an unforgettable meal. The oysters with charisma were fantastic. Huge oysters, so fresh, prepared in three different ways. The rabbit ravioli appetizer to follow was equally fantastic. The balance of flavors was perfect. My boyfriend and I both ordered the surf and turf--their signature dish, or the Chasse et peche. This dish was so decadent and delicious. The staff is fantastic,knowledgable, and so warm and welcoming.Le Club Chasse et Peche (literally, The Hunting and Fishing Club) is like a secret Speak Easy of yesteryear, with only a sign with their emblem and a street address, with no name announcing what lays inside the unassuming Tudor styled facade on the bottom floor of a multi-story building in old Montreal, not far from city hall. And like a Speak Easy club, inside lies a cave or cellar like chamber of rooms with low ceilings, brick construction, and dark paint covering the walls, with only highlight lighting resembling candles or torches in a medeival basement or monastery. In Le Club, discerning diners, foodies, business people and Quebecois dine alongside the corrupted politicians and Mafiosa that have made the tabloids a-chatter with pay-off scandals of recent news.The relaxed atmoshphere, paced professional service, and excuisitely delicious food make this a special dining destination in Montreal. We had a party of 9 for a business dinner after a long day of meetings. After a snail's paced start (I am not talking about L'escargot, but rather a slug's traveling speed) in which we were refilled water 3 times but not served bread or anything else until our wine was selected, things picked up very well into an enjoyable experience. After starting with a Pinot Noir from France in honor of our Pinot Noir gentleman wine maker from Oregon's famed Williamette Valley who graced our party, we finally had the limited menu handed out to us, and eventually read and explained to us, dish by dish by our servers.The menu for the day had perhaps half a dozen appetizers and about the same in main entrees. (See picture of menu for selections)Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their selected delicate combinations of flavors and eye appealling presentations of both the appetizers and entrees. The dessert and coffee was wonderful as well. The prices were not that unreasonable for the quality of the food, but expect to pay about $15 - $22 for appetizer plates and $35 plus et moins for most entrees, with special mains going up to $50. Parking is non-existent and on the streets of Montreal. There is a coat check room and a cute hostess to greet you. Waiter service was professional, but relaxed. The place doesn't have a stuffy bone in its body, so you can enjoy the good food without feeling like you are being graded on your dining etiquette.  We all enjoyed our meals and would certainly come back again for another chance to break bread for business or dine with our favorite somebodies.During my most recent trip to Montreal, my bf and I decided to go to Le Club Chasse et Peche for dinner instead of other good restaurants such as au pied de cochon because we heard the food was great, and nowhere could we find pictures of this place!! The lack of exposure was too much for me to handle--I had to go and see what it was about. It is in old Montreal, and upon entering, there are shoe racks on your left with old sneakers which kind of threw me off at first..but then I realized it went with the whole "hunting and fishing club" theme...the ambiance is fairly dark but cozy. If it was -50 outside, I'd long to be at this club. We got a great table at the corner and our waiter was super friendly and informative. He explained how all the dishes were cooked, with what ingredients etc. He was on top of his game. Great service. Food: I don't know what to say except incroyable!!!! I got the scallops as my appetizer which came in a lemon compote. They were the most incredible scallops, and I wish there had been more than four. I could have eaten 20 of them at once. For my main, I got the guinea hen which was incredibly cooked and so juicy and my bf got the signature club chasse et peche main. Esentially- kobe beef with lobster on top. (whoa!).I definitely recommend getting the vegetables side, as it comes with different condiments and some purees. Lastly, the desserts were OUT OF THIS WORLD. Presentation was beautiful, I had the yoghurt praline phyllo pastry one and my boyfriend had this beautiful hazelnut chocolate tart with ice cream on top.ah! Amazing. Definitely, one of or THE best restaurant in Montreal.Dear lord, tucked away in the Old Port...I was lead through a bunch of beautiful streets with stone floor until we arrived at a little building on a downhill street that looked over the river.  I felt like I was going to some underground club in a bunch of back alleys or arriving at Fight Club but the streets are way to nice for that.When we walked in the place I looked around and knew I would like it.  It's got the feel of an old school steak house.  I immediately had my coat taken and we were sat down in the cozy dining room.Our server was pretty awesome getting us water, drink menus and menu within our first 2 minutes of sitting down then walked us through the menu.The menu looked delicious but very extremely inventive if that's what you're looking for.  We ended up getting oysters and crab salad to start, the surf and turf which was Kobe beef steak and some awesome lobster.  I can't confirm whether it was actual Kobe beef or Wagyu for those that are picky about that.The oysters were awesome and we ordered an assorted batch with the one having the green onions as my favourite.  The crab salad was also excellent and rich yet somehow stayed pretty light.The steak and lobster...oh boy the steak and lobster.  The steak wasn't like the massive steaks you can get at the other steak houses in town.  It was cooked rare and perfect.  Yes, I know surf and turf isn't  super imaginative it was cooked absolutely perfectly from the steak to the lobster which was bathed in buttery goodness.  It's well worth the price to have it at least once.Though the menu delivers everything you'd expect from a steak house and more.  Every dish was cooked perfectly and had an assortment of flavours.  I'd definitely come back again at another time!  Thanks for a great night.Perfect service from the lovely hostess to the lovely servers. Perfect presentation with creativity, Our favorite appetizer was the  risotto au cochonnet, also the cerf, polenta, vieux cheddar, salsifis, balsamique was out of this world. Absolutely worth to try.This is a really special restaurant in Montreal. I had a delicious, relaxing meal here. The staff was gracious and welcoming. And the food was wonderful. The restaurant's atmosphere is cozy and elegant, and it's off a little side street in Old Montreal. A bit more expensive than some options, though I really enjoyed it.We had Bison Ravioli, octopus and foie gras to start. All were beautiful. Dinner was surf and turf, veal and char. No disappointment. Great atmosphere and staff. Highly recommend.Absolutely, positively, LOVED Le Club Chasse et Peche.  There was nothing about our experience here last Saturday that lowered my excessively high expectations.  We were only in town for the weekend, and already I am dying to find another reason to go back and spend another incredible evening here.Ambiance:There is a definite speak-easy, romantic cellar/cave feel from the moment you walk in.  Dark walls, comfy leather seats, low ceilings, refined clientelle.  I'm glad we dressed up a bit because Le Club Chasse et Peche does not do casual.  Service:Attentive & professional without any hit of pretention.Food:Classic, but innovative.  Started with the snow crab salad, then had the char w/ snails and the pork daily special.  I've never had a more unique fish dish in my life - the snails were amazing, but it was the pine nuts that really tied everything together.  I wish I could eat this weekly for the rest of my life.This is the kind of place that I'd want to spend an entire evening at, drinking and eating and having incredily interesting conversations with my date or a group of friends.Not impressed...my reservation at the restaurant was based solely on the strong reviews from my fellow Yelpers. First the good....the service was impeccable, the waiters were very knowledgeable and professional. We had the foie gras for our app which was pretty amazing, but the meal went down from there. The surf and turf ($45) was mediocre at best, the lobster lacked taste and the filet was was nothing to write home about either. The hot and solid meal ($65) also failed to live up to, or even generate any hype. Perhaps it was my error in getting two predominantly beef entrees, but I could have gotten the same at the Outback. After hearing about all of the progress that Montreal has made in terms of it's restaurants, this first meal was a true disappointment. I do hope that the chef can step it up as his staff is just too good to be associated with such mediocrity.The attentive service made the outstanding dinner experience 100% memorable - creating lots of conversations about returning.Octopus Carpaccio - the slight smokey texture of eggplant tapenade was a perfect complement. Rabbit Ravioli - so good that enjoying 3 portions as appetizer, dinner, and dessert is a tempting proposition.absolutely amazing experience, from kind staff to fantastic food. Oysters are to die! It also must be one of the most romantic places i've visited in years. A bit hard to find since no big signs so just look for the number over the doorGood times and my belly is fat.Sitting in the small cozy bar I had dinner for 1.Staff was professional, giving me the right amount of attention.Was recommended a great bottle of wine for the course I set out to have.FYI -  the risotto, just fabulouso.Why this place doesn't have a Michelin star (or why there are no Michelin starred ratings in Montreal) remains a mystery to me.  Ambiance is very warm and inviting while being private/personal at the same time.  From the street, very easy to walk by unless you know it is there.We had the blind tasting menu, which was spectacular.  The preparation, presentation and quality of the food was among some of the best we have ever had.  Very Quebecois, with lots of foie gras and fiddlebacks (we were there end of May when they were in season).  Perfectly cooked risotto, scallops, venison, fish and the list goes on.  It is a substantial tasting menu that really blew me away.  I highly recommend it.Sommelier did a fantastic job.I can't wait to go back and visit my old college town and eat here again.I was less than impressed with the service at Club Chasse et Peche. I initially called twice and spoke to the Maitre D' about vegetarian options for me at the restaurant. Both times he sounded arrogant, unfriendly and seemed bothered that I was calling him. It didn't give me a good vibe but I figured perhaps he was busy or just having a couple of bad days. One thing it certainly did is that it didn't make me feel welcomed there at all.Onto the setting, our first impression of the restaurant itself was pleasant. It feels laid back, cozy and comfortable. As the name suggests, the setting gives you a feeling of exclusivity, privacy and while being high-end, not in the stuffy kind of way. This changed over the course of the evening as more and more of the older business crowd came in but that is to be expected on a Tuesday night.I'll start with the food as I have a lot less to say about that than the rest.. My entree was a polenta dish with mushrooms, onions and chestnuts. This was a very good dish. The polenta was perfectly done and the balance of flavors excellent. The onions were amazing.My main dish was disappointing. It was a couscous salad with veggies and some parsley. It was quite under-seasoned which is unacceptable from a restaurant of this caliber. It felt like something they put together at the last minute and lacked creativity and it certainly was not worth $27. Now I understand this restaurant is called "Chasse et Peche" and isn't a bastion of vegetarian-friendly dishes but it is disappointing when you present a very simple request to a kitchen presumably full of talent and you are given a mediocre and weak dish as a result. It clearly lacked flavor , even salt, and I am amazed if it would pass any sort of taste test before leaving any kitchen, let alone one at a high-end restaurant like this.Onto to the service where clearly, it is not in line with the price we paid that night. I'll only give you one example out of 3-4 other small things I noticed throughout the night, in the name of saving time and space:As soon as the waiter gave us the menus I told him I was vegetarian and he immediately pulled the menu off the table and disappeared for 5 minutes without saying why he left. He came back to take my wife's order and after said to me "... and the gentleman here doesn't have a choice for tonight" and left again. Even if the chef only offered him one choice it would have been nice to be told what I was going to eat and asked if this would be okay with me. Basic service and courtesy. These sort of things happened a handful of times during our dinner and while none of them were terrible, when I pay high-end prices I also expect high-end service to go with the food.Which brings me to the prices.. I don't mind paying a lot if I receive a lot as well but in this case it was clearly overpriced to me given both food and service felt short. I get it, it's in Old Port and it's fancy, but charging $8 for a bottle of soda water is not just expensive, it's a rip-off. Many restaurants give you water for free. To their credit, my wife's meal was pretty good even though the surf and turf was overpriced slightly, at least it was "very good" according to her.Overall I would give CCP a 3.75 star rating. On the plus side my wife's dinner was quite good and my appetizer was also good. However, it is hard to let go of under seasoned food and poor service when you pay these prices and for that reason the restaurant gets a "meh" from me and a very unlikely return customer. If you are vegetarian there are many better places who will give you an actual thought-out dish that will taste good and be creative and the staff won't make you feel like you are not welcomed.Nice ambience, feels like I was in the renovated natural cave.All of the appetizers were great, especially the duck foi gras shaved risotto was awesome! However, the main course lamb which is my husband ordered was too salty. This place's food is tend to a bit too salty. I wish they use less salt on the dishes, It will makes dramatically difference.Before posting my review, I browsed through past reviews to assess whether my experience was an isolated one.   Apparently not.  I generally enjoyed the efficient service, cozy atmosphere (the coloured wires on the light fixtures don't work, sorry) and the food but OMG too salty.  In particular, the risotto was so salty that I could  not finish it.  Too bad....PROS:1. The food here is to die for. The little details in these dishes make them extraordinary! For example, they grind the coffee sugar EXTRA fine, so luxe!!2. The decor is dark and intimate. Bathroom's were clean and had fresh towels to dry your hands.3. Service was very friendly and attentive. Not pretentious at all. OVERALL:-It is super pricy but trust me, it's worth it!!After waiting for 30 minutes for our table (we had RSVP), we were offered free drinks of our choosing which was a wise move. we were seated and greated by a smart waiter who described all the dishes to us very enticingly.Oysters three ways- gorgeous.Piglet risotto: delicious.Snowcrab salad: SKIP.Duck breast with fois gras: amazingChasse et Peche (lobster and kobe steak) - INCREDIBLE, WELL WORTH $50Sucking pig- nice, salty, wouldn't repeat. not bad.Didn't try the hamachi, person seemed to enjoy itDesert- one tasted like chocolate play doh with vanilla jello pudding, the other seemed ok. Wine was great, service great.In all, I would say stick to the meat and definitely go for the surf and turf.  Will go back but I won't order desert :)This meal was great, from start to finish.The restaurant itself is beautiful, dark and intimate, which would seem to make it an odd choice for the 11-person, bachelor party dinner we enjoyed there... but it worked.  Our server was attentive, helpful with suggestions on food and drink, and even gave us suggestions on where to go after our meal.  Bussers brought bread and water to the table right away, which was key since many of us had just arrived into town and had not eaten in hours.Between the 11 of us, I think nearly every dish on the menu was ordered.  However, a few of particular note:- the braised piglet risotto was one of the richest, best-tasting dishes I have ever had.  Another friend ordered it for his appetizer, as well, and we were still talking about this dish 2 days later.- the ocean delivery, and particularly the foie gras, were outstanding.I had the chance to sample a bit from a number of different dishes, and each one was great.  I would come back to this restaurant in a second, and hopefully will my next time through Montreal.Great service, great foie gras, great location! The surf and turn was good but not amazing! the lobster better than the Kobe beef...I really wanted to give this place 4 stars but I wasn't blown away I found the food very heavy, and I prefer Bullion Bilk or 400 coups any time !This is lovely French fine dining. Love the fact that it doesn't look like a restaurant from outside, the ambiance and leather seating is very nice. Thoughtful menu is small, and everything looked delicious. For appetizers, we had sweatbreads (really good) and an octopus/eggplant dish which we didn't care too much for (eggplant seemed over-smoked). The suckling pig was one of the best dishes I ever had, and the steak was also very good.This place doesn't have a Michelin star?  Is that just because they don't give stars to Canada restaurants?  Boo to that.I was totally blown away, and I'm a freaking vegetarian.  I can't even imagine how good the meat dishes taste!  A work colleague brought four of us here, and told us his secret: just tell the waiter to bring whatever he chooses.  "Surprise me!"  What a genius idea.  Our waiter was game, and brought us five courses with wine pairing.  We had no idea what any dish would be until it was placed in front of us.  He even did all special dishes for me.  I was served:1. A roasted beet and blood orange salad2. Some tomato, zucchini, focaccia, pesto dish, where the tomatoes blew my mind3. A lentil and pomegranate dish with fried celeriac root slices with honey drizzle.  Holy hell, I nearly died from pleasure overdose.4. Some sort of oyster mushroom thing, which tasted of pure butter, but way better5. Spinach and goat cheese pastry thing.  This was the most average, but still pretty good.6. Dark chocolate tart with salted caramel ice creamOur waiter was also acted as our sommelier, and his pairings were excellent, but he was also open to suggestions.  I'm really a red wine girl, and after a few whites I requested red instead and didn't get any brush back from him.  He was extremely charming and I probably drunkenly hit on him at some point, I'm pretty classy like that.When I stumbled out in the -10F night I was still so warm from the food and wine I knew I had found an exquisite gem.  Can't wait to go back one day!Absolutely fantastic! Our waitress was wonderful and every bite of the food was delicious, especially the risotto. The decor is a bit odd but makes for an interesting setting.This was a fabulous experience - wonderful food, great service, laid back and sophisticated at the same time. We loved every minute of our meal and will return if we're ever in Montreal again.We had our "last supper" in Montreal at Club Chasse et Peche.  Wow!  I was hoping my flight would not leave so we would have an excuse to go back.  The atmosphere is relaxed and sexy, very sexy.  The restaurant is down some steps in a cellar.  The menu was complex and diverse.  I had the Hamachi "tartare" and the lamb with chevre and my DH had the frito mixto and the cod special.  Everything was delicious and gorgeously presented.  Top-quality ingredients were used.  We saw the chaud et costaud meals come to the table next to us and they were ginormous!  Service was friendly and polite and professional and helpful.  I asked lots of questions (I couldn't decide!) and they were really great at giving an overview of the different dishes.  We spent about 2.5 hours eating and drinking and left happy and satisfied.  Highly recommended!OMG!!! This place is awesome!!! Of course it's also pretty expensive. I love how it has a hidden entrance with very dark lighting. And plus with the name, you'd thinking it's a hidden underground club. hahaBut anywayz, it's a very fancy French restaurant. The food was delicious and the decoration was very elegant. The music was a little funky for this type of restaurant, you'd expect it to be more romantic and soothing. Me and my BF ordered 4 dishes total, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees. I forgot what he got for appetizer but my foie gras (duck liver) was wooooo!!!! speechless haha~ sooooo yummy. Definitely recommend it!I also ordered the rabbit entress. Although it tasted delicious, I still have no idea which part of the dish is the rabbit. Everything tasted like ham. lol, if any of you order it overthere, please ask the waiter and let me know, haha~ ^^So yep, overall, 5 star!!!! Go, go , go~even our hotel concierge said it's one of the top French restaurant in MontrealWe began the meal with six raw oysters half with salmon roe and creme fraiche the other three warm with melted cheese.  They made a mistake and sent all 6 warm with melted cheese.  The server immediately whisked them away only to return a minute later with the 6 warm ones informing us that they had made a mistake and that the 3 raw ones would follow shortly.  Thank goodness we said something because the raw ones were incredible!My wife's first course was foie gras poêlé, honshimiji (Japanese mushroom), pistachio, on a piece of house made focaccia.  She declared it the BEST foie gras ever!  It was certainly a very generous portion.My first course was the risotto au cochonnet, lamelles de foie gras aka boar belly risotto with foie gras shavings that melted into the risotto.  The waiter advised that I wait a minute or two before eating to allow the melting to occur.  It was a very good dish but was slightly under seasoned.My wife's main course was longe de veau, courge kabocha, pancetta, truffe aka veal loin with broccoli rab, pancetta, goat cheese and truffle.  It was perfectly executed and delicious.My main course was the daily surf and turf special.  It was comprosed of bison meat and half a lobster with some bok choy that was served in a shallow bowl.  The waiter then added the warm beef broth infused with truffles.  The smell was divine.  I find that I enjoy the aroma from truffles more than the actual taste sometimes.  This dish was excellent!We also ordered the vegetable plate of the day which consisted of a cauliflower puree with roast peppers, a sweet potato tarte, bok choy and something which seemed like celery root slaw with fried capers.  A great addition to our main entrees.For dessert my wife had the flocon de neige (snowflake) which was pavlova,  red berries,  coconut sorbe and creme fraiche.  It was beautifully presented and great tasting!My dessert was one of the best desserts that I have eaten in a long time.  It was called Universe.  My dessert was a Parisian-Brest filled with  almond butter and rice krispies(similar anyway) topped with popcorn ice cream.  Fantastic combination of salty and sweet.I tried a tea, for the first time, called assam banaspaty.  I don't know much about it but enjoyed it very much!Service was perfect.It is a little trendy and difficult to find, the door is poorly signed but once you enter it is a delight. The decor is dark but welcoming, the rooms are separate and small like a basement. It was cosy and friendly.The service is as close to perfect as you would like. The staff is friendly all around, they are all willing to share a little wisdom when it comes to selecting your meal.The menu is very small but incredibly creative, with extensive use of local produce and meats. I started with piglet risotto with shavings of foie gras, like nothing I have ever tasted. It was very rich and full of interesting flavors. I followed with a main course of the surf and turf, a perfectly prepared lobster claw ( shelled ) over a rare piece of beef tenderloin all on top of an artichoke purée that was heavenly. My wife's meal was a starter of seared scallops, very good but less interesting, followed by a seared cod and foie gras, that was also heavenly. We wrapped up the meal with a cheese plater picked by the waiter that was the perfect topper. Needless to say I do recommend the restaurant, but a warning, I found it a little expensive and I like expensive restaurants, it comes down to value, the venue is a little lacking for the price tag.Was recommended to my gf and I while staying in Montreal for weekend. Had oysters three ways.  Rock crab. Scallops. For entree split the surf and turf. Wait staff was fun and knowledgeable. Waiter recommended a delicious bottle of white wine. I had Rice pudding with figs for dessert.The place itself is open and perfectly lit with very comfortable chairs. An all-around great dining experience. If you are there for just a weekend and want to do something special for dinner with your significant other- this is the place for you.A real treat. Excellent food, excellent atmosphere, excellent service, and an excellent wine list. What else could you ask for?I highly recommend this Old Montreal Gem. When you're in town whether for business or a romantic evening make sure to try and get a reservation at Chasse Et Peche.I went to Le Club Chasse et Peche (which translates to the Surf and Turf Club) with 7 guys during my bachelor party weekend. This is not a typcial restaurant for such an occasion, however, being a lover of food I wanted to experience one of Montreal's better restaurants.The place did not dissapoint. The actual space was awesome, located in a stone building in the Old Montreal section of the city, it had a little bit of dungeon feel to it. Our server was great. Not only was she patient with us (which took a lot as most of the people at the table had been drinking for a little while prior to showing up for dinner), but she took the time to explain each dish on the menu. I started with the veal sweetbread, which was perfectly fried and came paired with a cold shrimp dish. For a main course, I had braised boar belly. It came in the braising liquid with apples and was excellent, it wasn't as fatty as I anticipated it to be (thinking along the lines of pork belly), and had a slightly gamey taste to it which I like. There was no dessert ordered after the meal, people instead chose to continue drinking their martinis and wine, etc. Other items ordered off the menu were oysters, risotto with roast suckling pig and foie gras shavings, and kobe beef wrapped in bacon paired with lobster. According to everyone at the table, all were excellent. And every other dish I sampled at the table was cooked perfectly.With tax and tip, and everyone chipping in to pay for the bachelor, dinner came to around $150 a person. That included martinis, beers, and several pricey bottles of wine. If you are ever in Montreal, I suggest you make a reservation for dinner at Le Club Chasse et Peche, it's worth the money.We had an excellent dinner there the other night.  We went with a bottle of 2009 gevrey chambertin clos prieur domaine roy marc.  It had a great bouquet and opened up nicely in the decanter.The tag team waiter service was outstanding and made good recommendations.  Vicki went mushroom tart which had a very minimalistic crust and lots of good mushrooms.  A very light starter.  I went the other direction with the piglet risotto which was fantastic.  The mix of flavor and texture with the risotto, pork and foie gras shavings was great.For mains, vicki had the suckling pig and i had the ocean delivery with the vegetables to share.  Vicki liked her dish but found it a bit tough.  The ocean delivery was a nice portion of halibut and seared foie gras which made for a perfect bite.  The highlight of the veg was the sweet potato carrot puree with chili oil.  Just a small kick from the chili.  We rested with some cheese that was just the right size and finished our wine.  The cheese was warmer than we were used to but that gave it great mouth feel.  We had a fantastic blue cheese along with a goat and a hard cheese that was a mild gouda/comte.For dessert vicki had the bud and i had the pur.  Bud was a strawberry rhubarb tart of which there was no sign when we left the table.  The pur was a rectangle of chocolate mouse with a sugar cookie (sable breton) on either side and some vanilla ice cream.  It was excellent.And just when we thought we were done the waiter brought us apple ice wine with the bill.  It was nice and cold with a sweet but not too sweet flavor that cleansed the palate.While not the most varied menu, this is a place where any eater will find options though vicki was a little put off by the foie gras on several dishes.I would also say that you can be casual to dressy here in terms of attire. Yes its hip so i wouldnt go cutoffs and a t shirt but i wouldve felt comfortable in a variety of attire.First of all, I am not a "foodie" so don't expect the words "orgasmic", "life-changing", or "omgwtf!!!" in this review.That said, this was a really good experience.Service: Our waiter was extremely friendly and took the time to explain everything in extreme detail. The guy clearly loves his job which is nice to see.Food: We had four things. Appetizers: 1) the smoked venison and 2) the piglet & foie gras risotto. Entrees: 1) the suckling pig and the duck. The appetizers were excellent. I would give the venison a 10/10 and the risotto 8/10. The venison was probably one of the better things I have ever tasted. So creamy and full of flavor. The consistency was that of toro tuna sashimi. Really this is a must try. The risotto was quite good as well but kind of overshadowed by the venison, which was like I said, incredible.The entrees were good but not as good as the appetizers. The suckling pig comes with quite a bit of fat, so beware if that's not your thing. It was good, probably 7/10. The duck was also good, but not memorable. 6.5/10 or 7/10.All in all, a really nice experience. Would highly recommend. If you go you must try the venison appetizer.Expensive ($90 CDN per head), but really well executed french food. I especially liked my foie gras poêlé. See photos.Don't know if I can call this place romantic. It was dark, alright...Haven't had much french food that can quite compare, but I live 3000 miles away (cry)I took my husband here for his birthday.  It turned out to be a perfect choice.The food was world-class.  Delicious and beautiful.  Made you feel special that you got to appreciate it and eat it.  The ambiance was comfortable and non-stuffy while being upscale and dressy at the same time.  I deliberately wanted to avoid a setting that was fussy, hoity-toity, over-elegant.  I also wanted to avoid the uber-trendy place where you can't hear each other talking over the trendy music and you feel just slightly not in an adult space for all the uber-trendiness.  I'm up for all those things another time.Your spouse/bff/special person in your life will totally feel like you are giving him/her the red carpet treatment.  It was such a good time for us both.And the food was just so, so, so delicious!Fantastic food, service and atmosphere. Really well done cocktails. Expensive but a very good value for the quality of food in my opinion. Note for vegetarians, you need to ask for a separate menu. Higher mix of tourists than I like (I was one of them), but this didn't detract from the experience.This  is one of the best restaurants I can remember visiting.  The service is pretty slow but I think its intentional so I am not going to deduct for that.  I started with a Negroni which is an easy way to figure out if a restaurant cares about the drinks it serves.  This one was perfectly made.  A good start.Food wise, we had the smoked venison and chèvre appetizer and the pétoncles (scallops I think).  The venison was outstanding.  The scallops were a huge disappointment since I had read tons of reviews raving about them.  They are just seared with a citrus confit sauce and lots of restaurants have better scallops. But the venison is so good with the chèvre and its layered on crispy crackers with a sort of pesto on the sides.  An awesome combination of flavors and textures and a great tribute to game in a very classical French presentation.  Exactly what I want in a restaurant in Montreal.For mains we had a fish and the bison.  The bison is unforgettable.  The fish was very good, again, with a great combination of textures and flavors (pistachios, artichoke, lemon).  But the bison with the leeks and mushrooms (chantrelles I think) was so good, I can't over emphasize what a great dish it is.  The place isn't cheap.  That meal I just described plus teas and 3 glasses of wine, (with two cocktails total) was about $250 at the end.  They do have an impressive wine list but again it is not cheap, bottles under $50 are few and far between.  The Chablis we had by the glass was $17.50 a glass.This is the best place I have ever eaten, bar none.I love the dark decor, the blindingly strong cocktails, and the piglet and foie risotto. I work often as a food photographer and sample the 'best' food in Toronto, but nothing compares and I still visit this spot at least once a year to remind myself why I must move back to Montreal.One of the very best French restaurants in all of Quebec.  Enough said!Sorry Chasse Et Peche...  This is Your First 4-Star Rating.The service was impeccable.  The wine was magnifique.  The appetizers were a thing of beauty.  However the entrees fell short, and that's what matters most.I went in April 2008 with my college friends during a bachelor party weekend...Occasionally you walk away from a meal and look back on it as an experience, that's the category where this meal belongs. After wandering the cobbled roads of the old quarter, we made our group made our way to the restaurant for our reservation. The dimly lit interior and plush environment are fitting for the name. We were greeted warmly and made our way through 5 courses and several bottles of wine. I can't recall the names of the dishes but everything I sampled was wonderful.OK, I agree that the food is great, but for the price and the reviews, I was expecting a bit better interior design.  The walls are painted dark gray, and there are exposed wires & speakers.  The "leather chairs" are basically just club chairs, which are OK, but not exceptional.  I can get better atmosphere in a Houstons.   I felt like I was in a "design on a dime" renovation that are supposed to look nice, but still pretty cheap.I was disappointed in the glassware as well - the water glasses were these clunky amber glasses that you can find in a Sizzler.  The tables are very close together, and I was bothered by the fact that I had to bump up into someone else just to get into my seat.    Seriously, I could spruce this place with a quick trip to Target.   Maybe my mistake is that I had high aspirations for Montreal cuisine having been to Toque (which blew my mind) and several other fantastic restaurants in the area.As for the food - it was not over the top.  It definitely was excellent, well prepared, and relatively creative.    We did the tasting menu, and were served 4 courses.  The scallops were fantastic.  The risotto was perfectly cooked, and the boar was excellent.  I just didn't feel that it got the "over the top" rating that had been recommended.I suggest that the owners remove a table or two, getting a "real" interior decorator, changing out the cheap glassware for glassware that goes with the wine and food, and paying attention to the details.  It's the little things that matter, and although they came through on the execution of the food, they lacked sufficient creativity, and skimped on the atmosphere.  For almost $300, I expect top food, top service, and DETAILS.  Get the details right, and you get another star.  Wow me and you get another.Where or where do I begin with this place?  Well it is probably the most well known high end foodie restaurant in Montreal and rightfully so, because the food here is exceptional.  Not to mention this is kind of a who's who place to go in Montreal - just look around at the other tables and you will see dudes peacocking and ordering bottles upon bottles for their party.  The décor is pretty dope too - the feel of the place is dungeon like but also I would say decor-wise a modern twist on the 70s?  They have fringe lighting and quirky fixtures and statues all over the place, not to mention a pretty swanky playlist.  I don't have any other words to descibe it other than swanky; that pretty much sums it up.  Now onto the food...The ginger martini is a must try.  It's delicious, and if I had more time to drink cocktails, I would have ordered another one.  It is perfectly balanced cocktail, not too large or too strong but just the right size and flavor.  We started with the snow crab and braised piglet risotto, the former of which was light, refreshing, tasty; and the latter rich, heavy, and full of flavor.  We had the Julien Labet, Cote du Jura Fluer de savagnin "en chalasse" 2008 which went beautifully with the crab.  Two completely different dynamics but both great choices nonetheless.  For dinner I had the surf and turf; lobster which was expertly prepared and sirloin perfectly cooked with a nice red once you cut into it.  Basically there is so much flavor and complexity in all these dishes that my taste buds were doing backflips - they didn't know what hit them.  My husband got the bison special and I never thought a tough meat like that could taste so tender and rich.  It was much larger than my meal so be prepared for a larger portion; we probably could have split it.  I had the Italian wine by the glass - the Vignalta igt Veneto "marrano" 2006 since I like a more full bodied old world wine with steak; my husband had the Orben Rioja 2006 to go with the bison.  And the dessert was just as good!  We had the berries with cream and the house gave us a glass of sparkling rose - my favorite wine with dessert.  Now the blueberries in this dish were pretty amazing - so small but bursting with so much flavor, I've never had anything like it.  So rich and such a great end to a great meal.  Five stars all the way around.I have heard montreal is a foodie town...afterall it's the 2nd biggest city in the country, so the choices must be good.   At this point it's been about 8 months since my meal.  But i walked out of it with my friends completely delighted.  The risotto is the house specialty, and fantastic.  The ambiance was a lot of fun; almost a lounge feel but high end.  And most importantly, an incredibly helpful staff who never rushed us.  It was the first of 2 great eating experiences in this city.  Worth a visit if you haven't been.*** 10 stars ***If I could go beyond 5 stars, then this place is it.  If I had to pick a place to dine for my last supper, THIS IS IT!!!  For all you foodies out there, you have not experienced dining until you have dined here, my dear friends.  Oh this place brings tears of dining joy and bliss.  If you go there, the only way to do it is to pair each course with wine.  Please don't be cheap when you go here, because it would be sin to settle.To start, I had bison proscuitto wrapped around golden beets.  The tenderness of the bison paired so lovely with the sweetness of the beets.  Secondly, I had the duck magret with puree cauliflower -- OMG!  This is the ultimate dish!!!  I cannot speak about it in words that will describe it the way it tasted.  It's no longer on the menu :(  Thirdly, we shared an amazing cheese course with the perfect variety and with crackers that paired so nicely with the pungent cheese.  It was served with a sweet dessert wine that was INSANELY good!  Finally, I finished off with a fig dessert... at this point, I was ready to just pass out and die.  The staff clearly noticed how we ranted and raved about every dish and wine, and was sooo friendly and offered many suggestions that made our meal the best I've ever had.  So the bill came out to ~$350 (before tip) -- a little absurd, but SO WORTH EVERY PENNY!!!!  Believe it or not, I've heard so many great reviews about this place prior to dining here, that we planned a one-day trip (from Boston) JUST to dine here -- SO WORTH IT.  Will have to do it up again!  I envy you Montrealers....Went there on a recent trip over Christmas (got married, woo!) and chose it for the night of our wedding.  So amazing, we ended up there 2 nights later. Couldn't get enough. Service is impeccable, food is perfection, and the decor is rich but not stuffy whatsoever. One, if not the best restaurants I have ever experienced and am anxiously awaiting that special return-trip to dine there again.  Food that brings tears to your eyes, joy to your heart, and warmth in your soul.Sammi hit it on the head...it's waaaay better than 5 stars.Great restaurant. Amazing food. Wicked wine. Had a white truffle orzo appetizer with a butter braised lobster and filet mignon surf n turf main. Pretty expensive but you definitely get what you paid for. Good ambiance for couple or small group!This place is hidden, serious, in a cosy way. It  used to be a hunting and fishing club and is housed in a low and ancient red-brick house. When u walk into it, u feel like a loyalty back in the 18th-century. The menu is short but everything on it is delicious! Don't expect large portion but just right amount. I had the main course by the restaurant's name chasee et peche. It is supper tasty lobster + filletmignon so great and not that expensive when you compare it to a top stake house. I had Lucifer for dessert, great flourless chocolate. Service is impeccable. Clientale is OLD......so dress up! ;-)This is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal.It's the kind place that you want to try everything on the menu... if price weren't an issue. My waiter went through the short menu and described everything in precise detail, which took at least 10 minutes. I kind of felt bad, but everything sounded so good. Signature scallops were a bit small, but so flavorful and sweet. Poached oyster shooters were fun. Braised pork risotto is amazing. I had the fish of the day, which had a foie gras sauce. Awesome. But next time, I have to try the surf and turf.Tips: Trendy place; dress accordingly.Sorry to say I had a poor experience here. My starter and mains were quite good. The dessert however was a disaster. Poorly executed hockey puck frozen goat cheese concoction with fruits. I don't think it was meant to be served this way. Tasted like soap, left me a bad taste in my mouth and ruined what could have been an excellent meal. I don't think a restaurant of this quality should miss so badly with dessert. I also was put off by clients allowed to show up with t-shirts, flip flops and shorts for dinner. The restaurant should demand minimal standards. Maybe it really is a hunting and fishing club!Life changing. Had a wonderful dinner a few weeks ago with the phenomenal bison, piglet & foie risotto and Youppi. That was a test for a 30 person wedding rehearsal dinner that was a 7 course thing of beauty in the bar area. My favorite restaurant of all time. I will travel back to go again.The food was fantastic. The atmosphere delightful. The service - not so much. Located on a side street in the old quarter of Montreal. The interior is fairly dark and suitable for a romantic dinner or a quite dinner with friends. We felt very welcome upon arrival. Quick attention upon entry and quickly led to our table.As with many Quebec natives you should always attemp your greeting or pleasantries in french. Doing so, I believe, conveys respect and a willingness to integrate as much as possible. Many will recognize quickly if it is not your first language and will immediately switch to english. Such was the case with our waiter but the switch was accompanied by a slight sneer. And I swear he gave an ever-so-small upward turn of his nose.After greetings were exchanged he seemed to be interested in helping us understand the details of the menu (it was in english) and the specials. He was moderately engaged and we appreciated his knowledge. We thought we were off on a decent foot, but the 45 minute wait between app and entree, the 15 minute wait for my empty wine glass to be refilled was just unacceptable. Now, don't get me wrong. Both of my hands and arms work and I can pour a glass of wine. However, this is a very fine-dining restaurant. The wine I ordered was $150, they decanted it for me and even gave us noticably nicer glasses than several tables around us. At this price level one does not pour their own bottle. Attentiveness, without intrusiveness, should be the order of the day here (and included in the price).The food? It was very much above average. I had the appetizer of "foie gras-duck sausage-apple pie." The duck sausage was the size of a cocktail weiner a jtouch too dry for my liking but the foie? Amazing.My entree was a 6 ounce serving of Wagyu beef. As a general rule I don't order steak in a restaurant because it's too easy to buy a nice piece of meat and cook it yourself. This was an excepetion because it difficult to find Wagyu (or Kobe) beef in a retail butcher shop. The waiter informed me it was $15 an ounce and there was a 4 ounce minimum order. It was the best piece of steak I've ever had. For once I can actually say with a straight face, it was like butter. It was so good that I refused a piece of my wife's venison because I didn't want to disturb the flavor in my mouth and on my tounge from the beef.At this point we'd been sitting for 2.5 hours. Not an unusaully long time. Heck, I've sat at dinner for 5 hours and had no reason to complain because the company was wonderful AND so was the service. At some point in our meal our waiter just checked out. There seemed to be plelnty of other waiters so I don't believe they were short handed.We would have tried a dessert but became so disenchanted by the service and attitude that we left. Such a shame because the food was almost perfect.This is one of those places that is created especially for people on expense accounts... or Donald Trump and homies. The decor is my favorite part....half retro supper culb/half canadian hunting lodge, and located in the cobblestoned alleyways of Old Montreal. Tiny portions dictate that each person order starter, entree, and dessert.... I had the lobster with tuna tartare starter; my colleagues had the olive tapenade and goat cheese stuffed lamb with crab-stuffed zucchini flower. Service was fine, slightly cold, but that is not surprising. The food is good, but the ambiance is really the reason to go.Wow - what can I say about Le Club Chasse et Peche to give it the credit it deserves? We spent a romantic weekend in Montreal and had a fantastic dining experience there. The food was amazing - piglet risotto that had flakes of frozen fois gras on top that melted into the dish on your table for instance. The rabbit entree was superb. Not huge portions but each bite was so wonderful it was hard to imagine that anything in this earth could taste so delicious and perfect. This was probably THE best meal I have ever had and very much worth the steep price tag. The decor is hidden and romantic. Service is very high calibre. Definitely a place for a romantic rendez-vous.Food gets five stars but loses one for overall service.  Food was fantastic (bison and the foie gras with cod were delicious!).  But our server was a little patronizing and generally forgetful about taking our orders.This was one of the finest dining experiences we've ever had. The ambiance, the service, and the food could not have been better. The scallops were the best I've eaten anywhere. A must not be missed!!Had seared scallops, duck breast and a dessert of chocolate. Service was great, food is well-presented and tasty as well. Great wine selection from glasses. Inner decoration is mostly dark and black. I think the atmosphere suits with any special occasion. However, the only problem is that this restaurant is very hard to find since there is no sign on street.I would recommend this restaurant for- * a date or double date- * a dinner with friends- * any special occasionAnother one of my favorite restaurants. You need to reserve several weeks early and it´s expensive. BUT SO WORTH IT! Among the best meals I had - ever. Outstanding.What an amazing experience! Everything was exceptional: service, food, atmosphere! Worth every dollar spent!Great atmosphere and great food. Located in Montreal's historic "vieux" district with a lot of fun bars and nightlife nearby, not to mention a bustling waterfront. A short walk from the Notre Dame cathedral also, if church visiting is your thing.Chasse et Pache delivered on all fronts - exceptional service, delicious food and an awesome ambiance. Imagine being in a cave, but one that was classy nonetheless. The special occasion of my Dad's birthday for which I frequented this joint was well served. Highly recommended for anyone in Montreal, either visiting or permanentlyAwesome Place,The Food is Crazy Delicious,The staff are Great.The price is a Bit Pricy BUT it worth Every penny.I love this Place i'm Sure Next time i will Be visiting Canada i'll Stop by againI want to love Le Club Chasse et Peche, I really do. The ambiance, the old world charm and the staff are all lovely, but the only thing that has me wanting to come back are the oysters, nothing else knocked my socks off. We have so many amazing restaurants in Montreal that I was expecting more I guess, but this place seems to really cater to tourists and snotty business groups trying to impress clients.My fish dish was so very salty thanks to the sauce they put on it, I could barely finish it and we had to order more water. The desserts were ok, again, nothing special. Nice wine list, especially if you like French reds, but unless dinner is on someone else's tab, I don't think I'll be coming back as I've given it 2 tries now and left with the same impression.A charming old town restaurant serving fine  Montreal French cuisine, which typically tends to be laced with too much maple syrup. They do a better job of not over powering the sweetness compared to others in town. Exceptional food, extensive French wine list and service. I had two appetizers for dinner, hamachi tartar and smoke octopus served with fresh garbanzo beans. My colleagues had the duck, scallops, char, etc. The winning dish for me was the  piglet risotto with fois gras.  It was rich and decadent.  Will definitely be back for more.Loved the food.  Treated us "americans" like normal folk.  Reservations honored on time.  Great wine selection.Neither Susan or I have ever had such a knowledgeable and charming waiter, nor have either of us had such an extraordinary dining experience.  As other reviewers have stated, the piglet braised risotto with foie gras shavings was an amazingly flavorful dish.  We shared it, which was perfect.  Susan had the duck, which was incredible, and I had the veal filet, which is now my favorite meal ever eaten at any restaurant in the world.  We have a home two and a half hours away in Vermont, and would consider driving here for dinner and then going home after.  Cheers to Gabriel, the best waiter ever!Lovely restaurant for a nice quiet meal among friends or family. Portion sizes are just perfect for a three course meal. I would highly recommend trying the risotto with foie gras shavings (a classic), the frito misto (seasonal appetizer) or the grilled octopus. The hamachi tartare was milder tasting than the other appetizers I tried and did not stand out as much. I wish I had the chance to try the scallops as it is also a classic that's been on the menu since day 1. For the main course, the duck magret is done to perfection, but it does have a bit of a gamier taste that took a few bites to get used to. My partner's suckling pig was so good I wish I had switched plates with him. As for desserts, the maple parfait was indulgingly sweet. Our entire party thought that the desserts were all too sweet for our palate, but I think that's just personal preference. Overall,we had a very pleasant and satisfying meal. It cost about $60-70 per person before taxes and tips, without drinks. If you are ready to splurge, the quality of food and the service that comes along with it will not disappoint you.All around outstanding. Must haves include the  piglet risotto and cavatelli snow crab.Our evening here was outstanding in all respects. It was on the top of my list of dining possibilities for Montreal but we almost didn't go because wife was concerned it would be just too fancy for us and our touristy clothes. But on her afternoon stroll she stopped by and asked and they assured her we'd be fine. I'm not saying come in flip flops and a tee shirt - definitely don't - but men can get away with neat casual; jacket and tie definitely not required. Once inside we found all kinds of diners, from couples sharing a romantic dinner, to a group of 8 men out on a wine-tasting extravaganza, to a family of father, mother, and well-behaved child who it was apparent was thrilled to be there.I'm not sure of the origin of the name, which translates "Hunting and Fishing Club". The decor is funky but in an elegant way. It's dimly lit and almost all black: walls, ceilings, floor, even the tapestry on one wall, which is black with many contrasting shades of dark. I agree with other reviewers who likened the interior to a cave. But if so, it's a very beautiful cave, inviting not spooky, airy not musty.The menu is rather short. And descriptions are brief. But almost everything sounded intriguing and I knew I probably couldn't go wrong with any choice. But I had questions. Not to worry. The waitress proceeds to explain all the items in complete detail. This process took over 5 minutes - I'm not exaggerating. And for you English speakers (like ourselves) don't worry; they are all perfectly fluent in French and English (to the extent that I have no idea if our waitress was a native English speaker or French).Unfortunately for our decision making, her descriptions just intrigued me even more, making it even harder to make a decision. Everything sounded so good. We finally decided on the Arctic Char for me, and Venison Two Ways (tenderloin and short ribs) for her. We started with an appetizer of Waygu beef to share, and a tray of the house vegetables to accompany our meal.I won't attempt to describe any of these in detail. I could not do them justice, especially as it was several days ago and my memory of them is fading. But every dish excelled in every way: the taste, creativity, and presentation. I will say that my wife, not a fan of rare meat, especially game like venison, followed their recommendation to have it prepared as the chef intended (seared on one side, rare on the other). Something about the way that it was explained to her, and the restaurant's reputation, made her confident that she shouldn't second-guess the chef's decision here, and she was not disappointed; she finished every morsel (as did I).The wine list was huge; probably the largest I have ever seen. Of course, most of them were well out of our price range (they even had a few bottles in the multi-thousand dollar range!) We did order a bottle for around $50, which was pretty close to the low end, but was quite good to our amateur palettes. Don't worry about getting a "corked" bottle; the sommelier tastes it first! I have never seen this before and was a little surprised but he's an expert and I know he got less than 1/4 ounce of our bottle.Portions may be slightly on the small side, but were really more than adequate. I think we get used to the excessive portions that are often served, and are surprised when we finish everything without feeling uncomfortably stuffed and don't take anything home. And that means that we had room for dessert - one for each of us! Some sort of chocolate tart with chocolate sorbet for her, and a squash cake with ginger ice cream for me. Both amazing, the squash cake especially memorable.I adored this restaurant. I took my parents there for my father's birthday and both of them were really impressed.The meals are on the smaller side, but they are very filling. I had the Surf and Turf: the scallops as well as the filet mignon were cooked perfectly. The accompanying marinated veggies were intricate and simply delicious.As for the decor, the restaurant is located in an old brick building - chic and classy.Everything at this place is delicious - each plate is more delicious than the last. There aren't even words in English for how good this place is, which is probably why Toronto food is so bland.Yes, the space is cozy and comfy but the food is only so so.  Le Club Chasse Et Peche offers (and delivers) diverse local ingredients prepared in original and complex ways but surprisingly, it  falls flat when it comes to flavour.  It's not bad, mind you, but just nothing special.  I had the salmon and my dining partner had the duck. They were nice, but in no way were they excellent.  Perhaps is was just a bad night for the kitchen (the wait was really really long). The wait staff was attentive and informed, but a little too talkative for my taste.  The wine list is HUGE but really expensive (I know my wines!).  I expected so much from this establishment but was let down.My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. The restaurant is in the Old Port section of Montreal just one street east of Place Jacques Cartier so even before you arrive, the walk in the surrounding area is quite beautiful. We were greeted warmly at the door and continued to have above par service all night. This is a fine dining establishment and is on the more expensive side of dining out but the quality of food, service and ambience are enough to create an experience that justifies the money you are spending. We had oysters 3 ways, foie gras, chasse et peche (sweetbreads, lobster meat, over a lobster ravioli) and two different chocolate desserts. As well as some cheese after dinner to finish our wine. Everything was cooked to perfection and the flavours were all incredible even when I thought they might not be my favourite. Little touches like automatically splitting our four gras appetizer for us without having to ask and after overhearing is trying to decide between two desserts simply bringing both out to us (we had only ordered one of them) made this experience exceptional. Highly recommended to any and all.Although the name translates to "The Hunting and Fishing Club" there's no membership required to dine here. Don't tell your friends that though, as the experience is very much that of slipping into one of Montreal's old dining dens. While most restaurants in the Old Montreal section try to draw you in with large windows peering into their fancy spaces with mediocre food, you could quite easily miss the small sign next to the unassuming 18th century door that leads to Le Club. I'm guessing that's just the way they like it.Once inside, the old world experience continues with arched doorways leading to numerous small dining chambers. Ours was dimly lit with stone and darkly painted walls, about six tables and a bar featuring an exposed brick vaulted ceiling. The crowd was well-dressed with a reasonable mix of locals and tourist. Yet for a what is essentially a fancy French restaurant, Le Club manages not to be stuffy or pretentious.The food is rich and it helps if you are too (entrees are in the mid- to high- $30s), but it was consistently some of the best french cooking I have experienced. There was not one item I wouldn't order again, although every item on the smallish menu was intriguing in its own way. So if you're up for something fancier, don't waste your money on the many tourist traps in Old Town. Enjoy a real Old Montreal dining experience here you won't regret.Top Dishes:Braised Piglet Risotto: What's that you say? A pork risotto sounds too light to you. How about we top it with some crispy foie gras shavings then. God bless French Canadiens.Foie Gras: They love their foie in Montreal and they do seem to have some of the best stuff on the market. This one sits on a bed of vegetables and mushrooms including...wait for it...truffles. Continue your decadence with a plate of this.Suckling Pig: A perfect cut of pig, with a crisped outer layer of fat providing a bacony flavor to the tender chop within. As with every other dish, it needs a decadent topping and this time that topping is marrow. Fantastitique.Amazing food, outstanding service! A must-go when in Montreal! My filet was cooked to perfect at medium rare and my lobster was succulent & juicy. Every bite was mouthwatering.Disarming and unobtrusive serviceWhimsical, restful, tasteful decorMassive entree portions and small appetizersVegetarians bewareDuck with plums and foie gras... Super rich and good on a bed of quinoa and chopped nutsScallops appetizer seared to perfection and drizzled with a surprising candied lemon sauceVegetables with panache was a surprise, four vegetable sides on a plate, great bargain.The best meal we had in Montreal. A cool vibe, attentive, professional service, but the food... Was divine. The Chasse et Peche namesake (their surf & turf) was a veal with lobster tail. The char with ravioli was incredible. Don't skip the scallop as appetizer and ANYTHING on their dessert menu!