Solid performance, vibe topped by amazing flavours - the clam chowder with chorizo sauce is outstanding.Used the Yelp app to find a dinner spot close to my hotel. Notkins was less than three blocks away. Thank you Yelp!It happened to be their first year anniversary so I was reminded that it is not that noisy and again it only improved the vibe. The washrooms (of all things) are definitely a conversation starter.Went here for dinner on the recent visit to Montreal. Restaurant is definitely a seafood restaurant. They have meat dishes but why get them? Their raw bar selection was great. They had a wide variety of shell fish they serve cold (lobster, crab etc.) they also had three different types of oysters, two different types of clams, mussels, and scallops. I had oysters and a scallop - all were delicious. For dinner we had oyster ravioli's and half flash fried fish. Both were great - but the most amazing was the sweet potato cheesecake. Eat it. The drinks were also great - had some cognac and the bourbon/cider mixed drink with dessert. Also had a bottle of wine with dinner. all great. the only reason I am giving it a 4 star is that the service was good but not great. We had to refill our own wine and water (I don't mind doing this it just states the service level). Also - the bartender wasn't super attentive.Very good selection of fresh oysters! Also had the fish taco and lobster burger. Food is alright but I would say I absolutely need to come back kind of good.Really nice decor and ambiance.  Service was also very good.Found this place a Yelp with great reviews. Not exactly the easiest place to spot and with its back doors and being on the second floor its hidden from the world to see. I really like the lay out of the place. Different and I must say service was excellent. When I spoke english he switch from french to english super fast unlike many other places I go too. He suggested the seafood platter and se we did. 3 types of oysters which my wife ordered seconds. crab, shrimp and lobster. All so yummy. And we split a Bass dish which was great too. I will be coming back to this place in the near future.Excellent seafood platter. Server was very knowledgeable. Everything we had was delicious. Great for groups. Very cool restaurant with a neat bathroom.Way overpriced.  Crazy.This place oozes style and sophistication. Beautiful space and terrace. Pablo the house DJ made our night with some classic hard core Soul/R&B/Reggae/Funk music mix and is killing it (Ray Charles, James Brown, Bob Marley, Chaka Khan, Aretha Franklin, BB King...Aaaagh,) excellent.  He will also move into more current stuff as the night moves on and the crowd changes. Stephen our server was one of the most pleasant and charming people we encountered in our trip. Oysters Rockefeller on a bed of hot stones was excellent as were the fish tacos.  Strong drinks.  The outdoor terrace,  just opened, I would argue is one of the best in the city. Casual but stylish crowd. This place is the real deal. Come one come all!You get what you pay for. That is to say it ain't cheap but it's dang good! Went with oysters, a shared app, then the pricey but finger licking good Lobster Burger. Complimented with a zippy sauce, avocado, and some cheap but perfectly crisp iceberg lettuce. Fries were frigging delicious. Nice wine list by bottles but by glass is pretty short. Long story short, yeah I did this joint.Ambiance and decor 5/5 food 5/5 service 3/5Had reservations at 7pm for 3 on a saturday, we were seated immediately. Decor is beautiful and the washrooms are a must see. We sat in the back of the restaurant so we got to see the beautiful architecture of the place.  The ambiance is also great, with the music just loud enough to hear while still being able to have a conversation. We loved the combination of fresh local and imported ingredients and flavors. We started with the Rockefeller Oysters (12$ for 3) which are baked oysters with cheese and jalapeño, they were delicious. My friends both had the pasta of the day which consisted of fetucini pasta and a bunch of different seafood including mussels and clams. They both adored it (24$). For myself it was the lobster burger (28$) alongside the greens of the day (extra 2$). The burger buns were buttery, the lobster chunks were large and smothered in wonderful layers of 2 year aged cheddar cheese. We also had drinks! The green godness (not goddess) (13$) was overly sweet but the pink lady (13$) was just the right combination of sweet and citrus. I intend on going back but I'd love to experience the oyster bar where all the action is. Unfortunately the service was rather slow, it took them 20 minutes to get our apetizers after we got our drinks. And then another 20-25 minutes to get our main dish. Despite this, all three of us thought it was worth the wait.Beautiful atmosphere, service and food! The staff was very friendly and gave detailed explanation and recommendation to the menus and cocktails (it was out first time at a oyster bar, so we were very lost). We had oysters, lobster burger, mussels and clams with fries. Everything was tasty but the oysters are a must!Nice environment, great food, and an overall very good restaurant.  Service was friendly, if not the fastest, and cocktails & wine were above average (though it was a bit annoying that the initial wine I ordered ended up being out of stock) and ultimately the food was pretty good across the board for my group of 7.  Ceviche, crudo, and tartar were very good as well as the oyster sampler which was shared by a few people at the table who were fairly new to oysters (the only drawback was a few very large oysters which would have been more palatable cooked instead of raw - that's what we do in New Orleans with many of our large Gulf oysters).  The daily fish special of cobia was also very good and had a lot flavors and textures.Unfortunately we were late to our Jazz Festival show due to slow service but we just barely made it inside and all ended up fine.  I would definitely return to Notkins, and would recommend it to most based upon an initial visit.One of the best restaurants in my list around the world. First class service and food. Best oysters,  and sea food. Beauty full setup and nice location.This was everything we thought it would be...chic, tasty and well executed.  And a Guinness Book of Records title to boot (for shucking  from their world-class raw bar).  Met a couple of the owners and found them to be conversive and dedicated to success. Order anything from the bar (raw or otherwise) with assurance.  Professional and attractive staff.  The whole deal.We had reservations for 8:30 but they nicely took us at 7:30. Hubs had the bison steak and potatoes and I had the lobster burger. Both of out entrees were good. I did deduct one star for the service which was slow and my French fries were fried too hard. Honestly I wished that I lived in Montreal because I would get my lobster burger every weekend. Alas, I must wait until our next trip back.We went here on a weeknight and sat at the raw bar, right in the middle of the restaurant where we had a good view of some oyster-shucking action. The owner was there and was able to get us set up with a good selection of oysters, which were delicious.The food that we ordered was good for the most part, though the clams I ordered didn't seem to have been purged and were full of gritty sand. The fish tacos were the favourite dish. Overall, the food and drinks were expensive for what we received.Other than the food, the greatest drawback was the service, which was exceedingly slow and confused (a friendly bus-boy who offered to go get me some bread in the kitchen because my waiter was nowhere to be found got yelled at for actually providing some service). Our first waiter couldn't answer any of our questions about the food on the menu, I received my food 10 minutes after everybody else even though my dish was the simplest, and we waited almost an hour for our bills at the end of the evening.The decor is very nice though the live DJ is a bit much. They take reservations online through OpenTable, which is always a plus. Bottom line: good food especially if you'll be sticking to the wide selection at the raw bar, but pricey given the unpolished service.It was ok. Didn't overly impress me. I'd go back. But someone else would have to suggest it. The terrace out back is great.Truly one if the best restaurants in Canada! Notkins has unique architecture, friendly staff and is all about quality. If you are in Montreal this is the place to dine! The oysters are a MUST!!As requested by my influential Yelp friend I'm rating Notkins with five stars. Myself I'm giving five out of six. Notkins offers oysters to die for. Sit at the bar and enjoy how they are shucked in front of you. If you are lucky enough as us you would see how the owner does it with love and joy. We were also lucky to have his attention towards our non oyster eating friend, who didn't have a choice and had to try one. I'm also very happy with the heirloom tomato salad and its unforgettable goat vinegraitte. French fries are delicious addition to the meal. The wine list offers as many choices to compliment the oyster experiment. Cocktail wise I got addicted to the Tequila Sour. As every respectful Canadian establishment the Bloody Caesar will be served although it is not on the list, it doesn't come with an oyster, but oyster will be offered aside if required. My influential Yelp friend enjoyed few Manhattan di Bologna mixes. We are very happy with the service, sorry for everybody moaning about it in their reviewes. The complicated bill involving a lot of sharing was split amazingly, bravo! The design is sleek and the terrace rocks! Just be patient as the shucking stations are not enough and oysters may come slowly. I wish I could be there tonight, but I'm on call. :)Fantastic dining experience! I cannot recommend Notkins enough! Wonderful service, remarkable food and a warm and inviting staff.Best place in the city for oysters! I highly recommend the New England clam chowder... it's the best I've ever had!I though that Foreign & Domestic in Austin, TX was the last word, as for as Oysters and eclectic dining was concerned, but this place is over the top with its focus on Oysters and exquisite meals.  After pounding the streets of Montreal for a week in search of great food and service, this comfortable abode of gourmet food is only a stones throw from the Marriott Courtyard Downtown.  Put it at top of the list for seafood!Solid performance, vibe topped by amazing flavours - the clam chowder with chorizo sauce is outstanding.Used the Yelp app to find a dinner spot close to my hotel. Notkins was less than three blocks away. Thank you Yelp!It happened to be their first year anniversary so I was reminded that it is not that noisy and again it only improved the vibe. The washrooms (of all things) are definitely a conversation starter.Went here for dinner on the recent visit to Montreal. Restaurant is definitely a seafood restaurant. They have meat dishes but why get them? Their raw bar selection was great. They had a wide variety of shell fish they serve cold (lobster, crab etc.) they also had three different types of oysters, two different types of clams, mussels, and scallops. I had oysters and a scallop - all were delicious. For dinner we had oyster ravioli's and half flash fried fish. Both were great - but the most amazing was the sweet potato cheesecake. Eat it. The drinks were also great - had some cognac and the bourbon/cider mixed drink with dessert. Also had a bottle of wine with dinner. all great. the only reason I am giving it a 4 star is that the service was good but not great. We had to refill our own wine and water (I don't mind doing this it just states the service level). Also - the bartender wasn't super attentive.Very good selection of fresh oysters! Also had the fish taco and lobster burger. Food is alright but I would say I absolutely need to come back kind of good.Really nice decor and ambiance.  Service was also very good.Found this place a Yelp with great reviews. Not exactly the easiest place to spot and with its back doors and being on the second floor its hidden from the world to see. I really like the lay out of the place. Different and I must say service was excellent. When I spoke english he switch from french to english super fast unlike many other places I go too. He suggested the seafood platter and se we did. 3 types of oysters which my wife ordered seconds. crab, shrimp and lobster. All so yummy. And we split a Bass dish which was great too. I will be coming back to this place in the near future.Excellent seafood platter. Server was very knowledgeable. Everything we had was delicious. Great for groups. Very cool restaurant with a neat bathroom.Way overpriced.  Crazy.This place oozes style and sophistication. Beautiful space and terrace. Pablo the house DJ made our night with some classic hard core Soul/R&B/Reggae/Funk music mix and is killing it (Ray Charles, James Brown, Bob Marley, Chaka Khan, Aretha Franklin, BB King...Aaaagh,) excellent.  He will also move into more current stuff as the night moves on and the crowd changes. Stephen our server was one of the most pleasant and charming people we encountered in our trip. Oysters Rockefeller on a bed of hot stones was excellent as were the fish tacos.  Strong drinks.  The outdoor terrace,  just opened, I would argue is one of the best in the city. Casual but stylish crowd. This place is the real deal. Come one come all!You get what you pay for. That is to say it ain't cheap but it's dang good! Went with oysters, a shared app, then the pricey but finger licking good Lobster Burger. Complimented with a zippy sauce, avocado, and some cheap but perfectly crisp iceberg lettuce. Fries were frigging delicious. Nice wine list by bottles but by glass is pretty short. Long story short, yeah I did this joint.Ambiance and decor 5/5 food 5/5 service 3/5Had reservations at 7pm for 3 on a saturday, we were seated immediately. Decor is beautiful and the washrooms are a must see. We sat in the back of the restaurant so we got to see the beautiful architecture of the place.  The ambiance is also great, with the music just loud enough to hear while still being able to have a conversation. We loved the combination of fresh local and imported ingredients and flavors. We started with the Rockefeller Oysters (12$ for 3) which are baked oysters with cheese and jalapeño, they were delicious. My friends both had the pasta of the day which consisted of fetucini pasta and a bunch of different seafood including mussels and clams. They both adored it (24$). For myself it was the lobster burger (28$) alongside the greens of the day (extra 2$). The burger buns were buttery, the lobster chunks were large and smothered in wonderful layers of 2 year aged cheddar cheese. We also had drinks! The green godness (not goddess) (13$) was overly sweet but the pink lady (13$) was just the right combination of sweet and citrus. I intend on going back but I'd love to experience the oyster bar where all the action is. Unfortunately the service was rather slow, it took them 20 minutes to get our apetizers after we got our drinks. And then another 20-25 minutes to get our main dish. Despite this, all three of us thought it was worth the wait.Beautiful atmosphere, service and food! The staff was very friendly and gave detailed explanation and recommendation to the menus and cocktails (it was out first time at a oyster bar, so we were very lost). We had oysters, lobster burger, mussels and clams with fries. Everything was tasty but the oysters are a must!Nice environment, great food, and an overall very good restaurant.  Service was friendly, if not the fastest, and cocktails & wine were above average (though it was a bit annoying that the initial wine I ordered ended up being out of stock) and ultimately the food was pretty good across the board for my group of 7.  Ceviche, crudo, and tartar were very good as well as the oyster sampler which was shared by a few people at the table who were fairly new to oysters (the only drawback was a few very large oysters which would have been more palatable cooked instead of raw - that's what we do in New Orleans with many of our large Gulf oysters).  The daily fish special of cobia was also very good and had a lot flavors and textures.Unfortunately we were late to our Jazz Festival show due to slow service but we just barely made it inside and all ended up fine.  I would definitely return to Notkins, and would recommend it to most based upon an initial visit.One of the best restaurants in my list around the world. First class service and food. Best oysters,  and sea food. Beauty full setup and nice location.This was everything we thought it would be...chic, tasty and well executed.  And a Guinness Book of Records title to boot (for shucking  from their world-class raw bar).  Met a couple of the owners and found them to be conversive and dedicated to success. Order anything from the bar (raw or otherwise) with assurance.  Professional and attractive staff.  The whole deal.We had reservations for 8:30 but they nicely took us at 7:30. Hubs had the bison steak and potatoes and I had the lobster burger. Both of out entrees were good. I did deduct one star for the service which was slow and my French fries were fried too hard. Honestly I wished that I lived in Montreal because I would get my lobster burger every weekend. Alas, I must wait until our next trip back.We went here on a weeknight and sat at the raw bar, right in the middle of the restaurant where we had a good view of some oyster-shucking action. The owner was there and was able to get us set up with a good selection of oysters, which were delicious.The food that we ordered was good for the most part, though the clams I ordered didn't seem to have been purged and were full of gritty sand. The fish tacos were the favourite dish. Overall, the food and drinks were expensive for what we received.Other than the food, the greatest drawback was the service, which was exceedingly slow and confused (a friendly bus-boy who offered to go get me some bread in the kitchen because my waiter was nowhere to be found got yelled at for actually providing some service). Our first waiter couldn't answer any of our questions about the food on the menu, I received my food 10 minutes after everybody else even though my dish was the simplest, and we waited almost an hour for our bills at the end of the evening.The decor is very nice though the live DJ is a bit much. They take reservations online through OpenTable, which is always a plus. Bottom line: good food especially if you'll be sticking to the wide selection at the raw bar, but pricey given the unpolished service.It was ok. Didn't overly impress me. I'd go back. But someone else would have to suggest it. The terrace out back is great.Truly one if the best restaurants in Canada! Notkins has unique architecture, friendly staff and is all about quality. If you are in Montreal this is the place to dine! The oysters are a MUST!!As requested by my influential Yelp friend I'm rating Notkins with five stars. Myself I'm giving five out of six. Notkins offers oysters to die for. Sit at the bar and enjoy how they are shucked in front of you. If you are lucky enough as us you would see how the owner does it with love and joy. We were also lucky to have his attention towards our non oyster eating friend, who didn't have a choice and had to try one. I'm also very happy with the heirloom tomato salad and its unforgettable goat vinegraitte. French fries are delicious addition to the meal. The wine list offers as many choices to compliment the oyster experiment. Cocktail wise I got addicted to the Tequila Sour. As every respectful Canadian establishment the Bloody Caesar will be served although it is not on the list, it doesn't come with an oyster, but oyster will be offered aside if required. My influential Yelp friend enjoyed few Manhattan di Bologna mixes. We are very happy with the service, sorry for everybody moaning about it in their reviewes. The complicated bill involving a lot of sharing was split amazingly, bravo! The design is sleek and the terrace rocks! Just be patient as the shucking stations are not enough and oysters may come slowly. I wish I could be there tonight, but I'm on call. :)Fantastic dining experience! I cannot recommend Notkins enough! Wonderful service, remarkable food and a warm and inviting staff.Best place in the city for oysters! I highly recommend the New England clam chowder... it's the best I've ever had!I though that Foreign & Domestic in Austin, TX was the last word, as for as Oysters and eclectic dining was concerned, but this place is over the top with its focus on Oysters and exquisite meals.  After pounding the streets of Montreal for a week in search of great food and service, this comfortable abode of gourmet food is only a stones throw from the Marriott Courtyard Downtown.  Put it at top of the list for seafood!Solid performance, vibe topped by amazing flavours - the clam chowder with chorizo sauce is outstanding.Used the Yelp app to find a dinner spot close to my hotel. Notkins was less than three blocks away. Thank you Yelp!It happened to be their first year anniversary so I was reminded that it is not that noisy and again it only improved the vibe. The washrooms (of all things) are definitely a conversation starter.Went here for dinner on the recent visit to Montreal. Restaurant is definitely a seafood restaurant. They have meat dishes but why get them? Their raw bar selection was great. They had a wide variety of shell fish they serve cold (lobster, crab etc.) they also had three different types of oysters, two different types of clams, mussels, and scallops. I had oysters and a scallop - all were delicious. For dinner we had oyster ravioli's and half flash fried fish. Both were great - but the most amazing was the sweet potato cheesecake. Eat it. The drinks were also great - had some cognac and the bourbon/cider mixed drink with dessert. Also had a bottle of wine with dinner. all great. the only reason I am giving it a 4 star is that the service was good but not great. We had to refill our own wine and water (I don't mind doing this it just states the service level). Also - the bartender wasn't super attentive.Very good selection of fresh oysters! Also had the fish taco and lobster burger. Food is alright but I would say I absolutely need to come back kind of good.Really nice decor and ambiance.  Service was also very good.Found this place a Yelp with great reviews. Not exactly the easiest place to spot and with its back doors and being on the second floor its hidden from the world to see. I really like the lay out of the place. Different and I must say service was excellent. When I spoke english he switch from french to english super fast unlike many other places I go too. He suggested the seafood platter and se we did. 3 types of oysters which my wife ordered seconds. crab, shrimp and lobster. All so yummy. And we split a Bass dish which was great too. I will be coming back to this place in the near future.Excellent seafood platter. Server was very knowledgeable. Everything we had was delicious. Great for groups. Very cool restaurant with a neat bathroom.Way overpriced.  Crazy.This place oozes style and sophistication. Beautiful space and terrace. Pablo the house DJ made our night with some classic hard core Soul/R&B/Reggae/Funk music mix and is killing it (Ray Charles, James Brown, Bob Marley, Chaka Khan, Aretha Franklin, BB King...Aaaagh,) excellent.  He will also move into more current stuff as the night moves on and the crowd changes. Stephen our server was one of the most pleasant and charming people we encountered in our trip. Oysters Rockefeller on a bed of hot stones was excellent as were the fish tacos.  Strong drinks.  The outdoor terrace,  just opened, I would argue is one of the best in the city. Casual but stylish crowd. This place is the real deal. Come one come all!You get what you pay for. That is to say it ain't cheap but it's dang good! Went with oysters, a shared app, then the pricey but finger licking good Lobster Burger. Complimented with a zippy sauce, avocado, and some cheap but perfectly crisp iceberg lettuce. Fries were frigging delicious. Nice wine list by bottles but by glass is pretty short. Long story short, yeah I did this joint.Ambiance and decor 5/5 food 5/5 service 3/5Had reservations at 7pm for 3 on a saturday, we were seated immediately. Decor is beautiful and the washrooms are a must see. We sat in the back of the restaurant so we got to see the beautiful architecture of the place.  The ambiance is also great, with the music just loud enough to hear while still being able to have a conversation. We loved the combination of fresh local and imported ingredients and flavors. We started with the Rockefeller Oysters (12$ for 3) which are baked oysters with cheese and jalapeño, they were delicious. My friends both had the pasta of the day which consisted of fetucini pasta and a bunch of different seafood including mussels and clams. They both adored it (24$). For myself it was the lobster burger (28$) alongside the greens of the day (extra 2$). The burger buns were buttery, the lobster chunks were large and smothered in wonderful layers of 2 year aged cheddar cheese. We also had drinks! The green godness (not goddess) (13$) was overly sweet but the pink lady (13$) was just the right combination of sweet and citrus. I intend on going back but I'd love to experience the oyster bar where all the action is. Unfortunately the service was rather slow, it took them 20 minutes to get our apetizers after we got our drinks. And then another 20-25 minutes to get our main dish. Despite this, all three of us thought it was worth the wait.Beautiful atmosphere, service and food! The staff was very friendly and gave detailed explanation and recommendation to the menus and cocktails (it was out first time at a oyster bar, so we were very lost). We had oysters, lobster burger, mussels and clams with fries. Everything was tasty but the oysters are a must!Nice environment, great food, and an overall very good restaurant.  Service was friendly, if not the fastest, and cocktails & wine were above average (though it was a bit annoying that the initial wine I ordered ended up being out of stock) and ultimately the food was pretty good across the board for my group of 7.  Ceviche, crudo, and tartar were very good as well as the oyster sampler which was shared by a few people at the table who were fairly new to oysters (the only drawback was a few very large oysters which would have been more palatable cooked instead of raw - that's what we do in New Orleans with many of our large Gulf oysters).  The daily fish special of cobia was also very good and had a lot flavors and textures.Unfortunately we were late to our Jazz Festival show due to slow service but we just barely made it inside and all ended up fine.  I would definitely return to Notkins, and would recommend it to most based upon an initial visit.One of the best restaurants in my list around the world. First class service and food. Best oysters,  and sea food. Beauty full setup and nice location.This was everything we thought it would be...chic, tasty and well executed.  And a Guinness Book of Records title to boot (for shucking  from their world-class raw bar).  Met a couple of the owners and found them to be conversive and dedicated to success. Order anything from the bar (raw or otherwise) with assurance.  Professional and attractive staff.  The whole deal.We had reservations for 8:30 but they nicely took us at 7:30. Hubs had the bison steak and potatoes and I had the lobster burger. Both of out entrees were good. I did deduct one star for the service which was slow and my French fries were fried too hard. Honestly I wished that I lived in Montreal because I would get my lobster burger every weekend. Alas, I must wait until our next trip back.We went here on a weeknight and sat at the raw bar, right in the middle of the restaurant where we had a good view of some oyster-shucking action. The owner was there and was able to get us set up with a good selection of oysters, which were delicious.The food that we ordered was good for the most part, though the clams I ordered didn't seem to have been purged and were full of gritty sand. The fish tacos were the favourite dish. Overall, the food and drinks were expensive for what we received.Other than the food, the greatest drawback was the service, which was exceedingly slow and confused (a friendly bus-boy who offered to go get me some bread in the kitchen because my waiter was nowhere to be found got yelled at for actually providing some service). Our first waiter couldn't answer any of our questions about the food on the menu, I received my food 10 minutes after everybody else even though my dish was the simplest, and we waited almost an hour for our bills at the end of the evening.The decor is very nice though the live DJ is a bit much. They take reservations online through OpenTable, which is always a plus. Bottom line: good food especially if you'll be sticking to the wide selection at the raw bar, but pricey given the unpolished service.It was ok. Didn't overly impress me. I'd go back. But someone else would have to suggest it. The terrace out back is great.Truly one if the best restaurants in Canada! Notkins has unique architecture, friendly staff and is all about quality. If you are in Montreal this is the place to dine! The oysters are a MUST!!As requested by my influential Yelp friend I'm rating Notkins with five stars. Myself I'm giving five out of six. Notkins offers oysters to die for. Sit at the bar and enjoy how they are shucked in front of you. If you are lucky enough as us you would see how the owner does it with love and joy. We were also lucky to have his attention towards our non oyster eating friend, who didn't have a choice and had to try one. I'm also very happy with the heirloom tomato salad and its unforgettable goat vinegraitte. French fries are delicious addition to the meal. The wine list offers as many choices to compliment the oyster experiment. Cocktail wise I got addicted to the Tequila Sour. As every respectful Canadian establishment the Bloody Caesar will be served although it is not on the list, it doesn't come with an oyster, but oyster will be offered aside if required. My influential Yelp friend enjoyed few Manhattan di Bologna mixes. We are very happy with the service, sorry for everybody moaning about it in their reviewes. The complicated bill involving a lot of sharing was split amazingly, bravo! The design is sleek and the terrace rocks! Just be patient as the shucking stations are not enough and oysters may come slowly. I wish I could be there tonight, but I'm on call. :)Fantastic dining experience! I cannot recommend Notkins enough! Wonderful service, remarkable food and a warm and inviting staff.Best place in the city for oysters! I highly recommend the New England clam chowder... it's the best I've ever had!I though that Foreign & Domestic in Austin, TX was the last word, as for as Oysters and eclectic dining was concerned, but this place is over the top with its focus on Oysters and exquisite meals.  After pounding the streets of Montreal for a week in search of great food and service, this comfortable abode of gourmet food is only a stones throw from the Marriott Courtyard Downtown.  Put it at top of the list for seafood!