This is the kind of place that makes me feel lucky to live in Montreal. I can't count the number of times I've been there and I usually don't like going back to restaurants since there are so many ones to try. The food is authentic and spicy so watch out if you can't handle heat. My favorite dishes to order are the tofu bun, the soup laksa (don't skip this one!) and the mee koreng. You know a place is good when you instantly start craving it again as soon as you walk out.      The ambiance and decor are very nice - it's perfect if you're in a group because it tends to get loud. If you haven't been yet, you are really missing out!Came here after reading some really good comments. Even thought the lineup was really long, the table turnover rate was quite high and we(4) got a table really fast. We basically ordered everything one of everything, pork bun, Papaya salad, short ribs, beef curry, laksa and chicken skewer. Everything was heavily seasoned, don't expect to have some natural flavour in there. Very small portion sizes though. The service was good until we asked for the bill. The guy wasn't happy that we wanted to split the bill (there were 4of us). When he punched in the amount for the first person, he entered $1 more than what's on the bill. When we pointed that out, he had a really bad attitude, asked "what do you want, it's just $1" and didn't even apologize. That was extremely disrespectful and such a bad ending to our meal.Came here for dinner over the weekend with a friend and it was packed! The interior is really impressive with bird cages, lanterns and an overall oriental decor. Their menu feature is kind of small but everything looked really enticing. We ended up getting the laksa with chicken, papaya salad, and pork buns. Food arrived quickly and smelled/tasted delicious! It was my first time having papaya salad so I wasn't expecting the unique sour twist but it was very enjoyable nonetheless. The pork buns were great as well but my favourite would have to be the laksa - spicy, creamy and very flavourful! Overall, portions were quite small considering the price, but everything tasted exceptional. Some things to note, it gets VERY loud inside, so might not be the optimal place to have a good conversation. Also the entrance can easily be overlooked since there isn't a big sign or anything so keep your eyes peeled!Amazing food and staff!!!! Took great care of our table and all the dishes we shared were awesome especially the braised beef which was quite spicy :)Awesome authentic food and staff in a laid back atmosphere. Try the papaya salad and shrimp sandwich when they have it on the menu.Good food, especially the papaya salad and the meat skewers  Also, awesome customer service...!Incontournable a Montreal. Very personal and friendly service. Excellent Asian food. Try the tofu steam buns and papaya salad. Vegetarian friendly. Cash only. Casual ambiance. Will be back again and again! That's all you need to know.Coming from Singapore, I'd like to think that I'm quite familiar with Southeast Asian cuisine. I tried Satay Brothers looking for some authentic cuisine from back home and it did not disappoint. The menu features dishes like laksa, mee goreng, pork buns, beef rendeng, papaya salad, and you guessed it, satay.The pork buns here are simply delicious. While they may be a turn off, due to their high price, I think they are well worth trying. The meat is tender and full of flavor, which goes perfectly with the soft bun. This is one of the better pork buns that I've had! Similarly, the satay is delicious, yet expensive. They also come in small portions. It's served with a peanut sauce, which is amazing and tastes similar to what you could get in Singapore. Finally, the laksa is a MUST try. It tastes truly authentic and is very delicious. It's a rich coconut based soup, with shrimp, bean sprouts, noodles and chili paste. Again, small portions. I would recommend ordering a lot to share with the group.There are also some Asian beers available, a small selection of deserts and appetizers. The service is also really good. All the waiters are really friendly and knowledgeable about the various dishes!Overall, Satay Brothers is delicious, but the portions are small and each dish is quite expensive. I recommend it to anyone looking for a taste of authentic Southeast Asian food. Try to order a variety of things and share!This place just became my new favourite southeast Asian fusion joint. Chill, unpretentious and most important of all: amazing food. They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait a bit. We were seated right away and got an amazing spot at the bar in front of the kitchen. We were almost in the kitchen. Coveted spot for me, but some might find it too hot and perhaps distracting. I enjoy watching the cooks do their thing. Plus, you get to see just how clean they are when cooking and prepping the food. Must try: the buns and the soup. Does not disappoint. They also have my favourite Thai beer: Singha. Try it.Came here on a Saturday at 6pm.  It was perfect timing; seats available for 2 (no wait), a lineup starts to form only after we got seated, and you don't need to pay for street parking starting at 6.We are regulars at the Atwater market location.  We had a craving for Singaporean food (the Laksa in particular) and so we decided to visit their dine-in restaurant.Location was easy to find.  The interior decor was nice - it had a nice comforting feel to it as if you know you are going to have a great homemade meal.  There are birdcages suspended from the ceiling, photos of Singapore, and a collection of vintage cooking appliances on the walls/shelves.  The seating, from what I can see from the entrance (we were seated at the front), were long tables with many chairs.... You may end up sharing a table with other clients.... (Why not strike up a conversation!).The menu is a 1-page sheet.  We ordered 2 soups and 2 desserts.  It was oh so good!  We devoured everything!  We ordered the Laksa Lamak, and a beef and shrimp soup that was suggested to us (I don't remember seeing it on the menu, but the bill said "Meerbus").  The recepie was right on.  Just as creamy and spicy and tangy as it should be.  The food was served quickly and our waitress, Monica, was friendly and knowledgeable by offering suggestions.  Every sip and bite of the soup was a flavour party in my mouth - every scoop had the right amount of broth, noodles (and meat).  The bowl of soup was the perfect serving size for 1 person each.  If you were really hungry, add some pork buns or the satays to your meal - also highly recommended!We never had their desserts before so it was our first time trying the coconut wrapped in the green crepe, and the tapioca butter cake.  Perfect choices to end our meal...light, and not too sweet.This place is highly recommended for couples on dates, trying out a new place with friends, or just grabbing a bite to eat alone.  You will be happy to give this place a try!Location: In the Southwest on Notre-Dame, west of Atwater. The closest subway is Lionel-Groulx and you're looking at about a 10-minute walk from there. Street parking is available [metered and un-metered].The place: Dimly lit but super cozy. It's got a bar vibe going on and is pretty casual. There are communal tables so you can get to know your neighbours. I really liked the space.The goods: I went with the Laksa Lemac, which is a soup with noodles, fish cakes, shrimp, boiled egg and SPICE. I liked the spice - it cleared up my sinuses. If you're not a fan of the heat, then let them know. I'm sure they can tone it down for you. I also tried a steamed bun with marinated tofu. As far as the soup goes, I really liked it. The bun was OK but it didn't blow me away because it was a little bland. Also, I couldn't really taste the marinade. Maybe my expectations were too high because while I did enjoy the food, I didn't leave there feeling wowed. I plan to go back to try the green papaya salad that I've heard so much about. Service: Honestly, everyone was pretty blasé and indifferent. The only guy that was friendly toward us was the bus boy. Our wait staff was rather inattentive and couldn't seem to be bothered. Price point: Average and depends on what you order.Last night, we ventured out from downtown to St. Henri to check out the Satay Brothers' permanent location. Food: We split a papaya salad, 2 steamed buns with pork belly, marinated meat sticks and each got the shrimp laksa Overall everything hit the spot in terms of authentic Singaporean flavours. The steamed pork buns were the real highlight - Super fresh and that mix of super soft buns, salty pork and crisp coriander is just unbeatable. The meat sticks were tender and flavourful; The peanut sauce on the side is to die for. The laksa was really comforting and definitely a bit spicier than expected. The only slight disappointment was the papaya salad. The dressing was a bit heavy on the lime juice and the nuts were not as crunchy as they could have been. We didn't order their special that night (Fish cakes with rice) but it sounded delicious. Next time I'm planning on trying the beef rendang and the short ribs. Service: Very cool, trendy and friendly servers. They are quick and efficient, working well with the go-go-go vibes of the restaurant as a whole. Decor: Everything from the order chits, the china-patterned plates and bamboo steamers are very modern-traditional. The family style tables are not too crammed. I'd love to sit closer to the kitchen in the back next time! I'd make a serious effort to arrive before 6pm if you don't want to wait too long in line!This is the best Asian anything restaurant in Montreal. The food is a 10 on 10 and they have super special private wine imports that are exciting and not even that expensive.The interior is super cool (I heard a brilliant but unknown obscure artist painted the wall trim by hand) and they play 70s reggae and other music that all awesome people with excellent taste will appreciate.If you don't eat here at least once you are not that smarts. Bye badi!This was a fun place. Ambiance was on point. The staff were nice and very attentive. Food was incredible and I personally liked the small snack sizes - good for ordering variety. Buns were encroyable.Food was ok, not much on the menu. Uncomfortable seats if your sitting on the stools. Very loud could hardly hear from across the table. Staff was very friendly.I LOVE laksa and actively sought out Satay Brothers to get my fix in. First we started with the special app of the day--deep fried shrimp donuts. They were absolutely delicious. Then onto my chicken laksa--it was very flavourful, perfect level of spicy, and the egg noodles were very good. The atmosphere is super fun and the  service was great. They have a projected big screen on the wall for games, making it a great venue to enjoy the game at. Satay Bros did not disappoint!First time here. It was buzzing w people 20-30 year olds. Probably one of the liveliest eats on this street. -vegetable bowl w addition of pork belly- good spicy sauce with veggies, potato and tofu to ease the spice-1 chicken wing- tasty and tender-pandan custard on top of sticky rice- I love both of those things so even so when combined. The sticky rice did seem a little hard.It's a very cold Canadian spring day and I'm grabbing a lunch at the Satay Brothers, but no, wait, it is actually summer, I'm back at their Atwater market stand, eating the same wonderful food, feeling relaxed and happy. This is how the new, permanent I hope, Satay Brothers location made me feel today, it brought me in the warm months. The new restaurant is spacious with a lot of seating options, including two bars. Atmosphere is laid back. Drinks menu has grown to unexpected heights, cocktails, wines etc. The guys working there seem to be the same cheerful folks from the market and they are doing nice job to satisfy the customers. The food is of the same quality as what you would find at the Atwater market stand, I like consistency. Chicken satay and spicy papaya salad are my favourite dishes, but suddenly I realized how perfect is to have the Laksa Lemak soup today, hot and spicy, warming up. The pork buns are still the same, puffy and delicious. Some of the dishes are available only during the evening, but this made my choice easier, just stick to what you love! I'll be back!Having been to the stand a number of times before we decided to check out the restaurant space. Later in the evening on a Sunday night in April when St. Henri is typically rather quiet, the restaurant was a great change of pace. The restaurant was busy but not packed and the communal tables don't feel atypically spacious (no elbow rubbing with strangers :) ). The food is the same as at the stand, high quality but a bit on the expensive side (3 steamed sandwiches, 6 satay, shrimp balls, and a pair of small deserts ran $50...  to food is in very small servings could be served from a truck so its a touch pricey).For desert the Kueh Salat, is a joy and a must have. A gelatinous custard on a bed of sticky coconut rice, it is a wonderful desert and should be had with every meal. Food was fast, servers were great, and the vibe was wonderful. We will definitely be back.You know a place is good when, they barely have any signage in front of the building and it still draws a long line on weekday. I was just visiting Montreal for the week, but read the reviews online and had to check it out.If you ask me, the soup is the star of the show, with pork buns a close second. I don't think the soup would be technically be considered pho, but the comparison is inevitable. They have couple different varieties of my meats and flavors, so you should be able to find something that works for you. I've only tried shrimp/chili variety and I was not disappointed. The soup even included a nice cheese (munster?) to give the dish a touch more "fusion". The pork buns are also great - nicely marinated and not too fatty. Finally, the sandwich and papaya salad are also worth a try.  Furthermore, the other patrons  I talked to were actually Montreal natives, and confirmed it was one of their favorite asian fusion spot in the city. If your in MTL and like southeast asian food, this place is worth the trip.This is the kind of place that makes me feel lucky to live in Montreal. I can't count the number of times I've been there and I usually don't like going back to restaurants since there are so many ones to try. The food is authentic and spicy so watch out if you can't handle heat. My favorite dishes to order are the tofu bun, the soup laksa (don't skip this one!) and the mee koreng. You know a place is good when you instantly start craving it again as soon as you walk out.      The ambiance and decor are very nice - it's perfect if you're in a group because it tends to get loud. If you haven't been yet, you are really missing out!Came here after reading some really good comments. Even thought the lineup was really long, the table turnover rate was quite high and we(4) got a table really fast. We basically ordered everything one of everything, pork bun, Papaya salad, short ribs, beef curry, laksa and chicken skewer. Everything was heavily seasoned, don't expect to have some natural flavour in there. Very small portion sizes though. The service was good until we asked for the bill. The guy wasn't happy that we wanted to split the bill (there were 4of us). When he punched in the amount for the first person, he entered $1 more than what's on the bill. When we pointed that out, he had a really bad attitude, asked "what do you want, it's just $1" and didn't even apologize. That was extremely disrespectful and such a bad ending to our meal.Came here for dinner over the weekend with a friend and it was packed! The interior is really impressive with bird cages, lanterns and an overall oriental decor. Their menu feature is kind of small but everything looked really enticing. We ended up getting the laksa with chicken, papaya salad, and pork buns. Food arrived quickly and smelled/tasted delicious! It was my first time having papaya salad so I wasn't expecting the unique sour twist but it was very enjoyable nonetheless. The pork buns were great as well but my favourite would have to be the laksa - spicy, creamy and very flavourful! Overall, portions were quite small considering the price, but everything tasted exceptional. Some things to note, it gets VERY loud inside, so might not be the optimal place to have a good conversation. Also the entrance can easily be overlooked since there isn't a big sign or anything so keep your eyes peeled!Amazing food and staff!!!! Took great care of our table and all the dishes we shared were awesome especially the braised beef which was quite spicy :)Awesome authentic food and staff in a laid back atmosphere. Try the papaya salad and shrimp sandwich when they have it on the menu.Good food, especially the papaya salad and the meat skewers  Also, awesome customer service...!Incontournable a Montreal. Very personal and friendly service. Excellent Asian food. Try the tofu steam buns and papaya salad. Vegetarian friendly. Cash only. Casual ambiance. Will be back again and again! That's all you need to know.Coming from Singapore, I'd like to think that I'm quite familiar with Southeast Asian cuisine. I tried Satay Brothers looking for some authentic cuisine from back home and it did not disappoint. The menu features dishes like laksa, mee goreng, pork buns, beef rendeng, papaya salad, and you guessed it, satay.The pork buns here are simply delicious. While they may be a turn off, due to their high price, I think they are well worth trying. The meat is tender and full of flavor, which goes perfectly with the soft bun. This is one of the better pork buns that I've had! Similarly, the satay is delicious, yet expensive. They also come in small portions. It's served with a peanut sauce, which is amazing and tastes similar to what you could get in Singapore. Finally, the laksa is a MUST try. It tastes truly authentic and is very delicious. It's a rich coconut based soup, with shrimp, bean sprouts, noodles and chili paste. Again, small portions. I would recommend ordering a lot to share with the group.There are also some Asian beers available, a small selection of deserts and appetizers. The service is also really good. All the waiters are really friendly and knowledgeable about the various dishes!Overall, Satay Brothers is delicious, but the portions are small and each dish is quite expensive. I recommend it to anyone looking for a taste of authentic Southeast Asian food. Try to order a variety of things and share!This place just became my new favourite southeast Asian fusion joint. Chill, unpretentious and most important of all: amazing food. They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait a bit. We were seated right away and got an amazing spot at the bar in front of the kitchen. We were almost in the kitchen. Coveted spot for me, but some might find it too hot and perhaps distracting. I enjoy watching the cooks do their thing. Plus, you get to see just how clean they are when cooking and prepping the food. Must try: the buns and the soup. Does not disappoint. They also have my favourite Thai beer: Singha. Try it.Came here on a Saturday at 6pm.  It was perfect timing; seats available for 2 (no wait), a lineup starts to form only after we got seated, and you don't need to pay for street parking starting at 6.We are regulars at the Atwater market location.  We had a craving for Singaporean food (the Laksa in particular) and so we decided to visit their dine-in restaurant.Location was easy to find.  The interior decor was nice - it had a nice comforting feel to it as if you know you are going to have a great homemade meal.  There are birdcages suspended from the ceiling, photos of Singapore, and a collection of vintage cooking appliances on the walls/shelves.  The seating, from what I can see from the entrance (we were seated at the front), were long tables with many chairs.... You may end up sharing a table with other clients.... (Why not strike up a conversation!).The menu is a 1-page sheet.  We ordered 2 soups and 2 desserts.  It was oh so good!  We devoured everything!  We ordered the Laksa Lamak, and a beef and shrimp soup that was suggested to us (I don't remember seeing it on the menu, but the bill said "Meerbus").  The recepie was right on.  Just as creamy and spicy and tangy as it should be.  The food was served quickly and our waitress, Monica, was friendly and knowledgeable by offering suggestions.  Every sip and bite of the soup was a flavour party in my mouth - every scoop had the right amount of broth, noodles (and meat).  The bowl of soup was the perfect serving size for 1 person each.  If you were really hungry, add some pork buns or the satays to your meal - also highly recommended!We never had their desserts before so it was our first time trying the coconut wrapped in the green crepe, and the tapioca butter cake.  Perfect choices to end our meal...light, and not too sweet.This place is highly recommended for couples on dates, trying out a new place with friends, or just grabbing a bite to eat alone.  You will be happy to give this place a try!Location: In the Southwest on Notre-Dame, west of Atwater. The closest subway is Lionel-Groulx and you're looking at about a 10-minute walk from there. Street parking is available [metered and un-metered].The place: Dimly lit but super cozy. It's got a bar vibe going on and is pretty casual. There are communal tables so you can get to know your neighbours. I really liked the space.The goods: I went with the Laksa Lemac, which is a soup with noodles, fish cakes, shrimp, boiled egg and SPICE. I liked the spice - it cleared up my sinuses. If you're not a fan of the heat, then let them know. I'm sure they can tone it down for you. I also tried a steamed bun with marinated tofu. As far as the soup goes, I really liked it. The bun was OK but it didn't blow me away because it was a little bland. Also, I couldn't really taste the marinade. Maybe my expectations were too high because while I did enjoy the food, I didn't leave there feeling wowed. I plan to go back to try the green papaya salad that I've heard so much about. Service: Honestly, everyone was pretty blasé and indifferent. The only guy that was friendly toward us was the bus boy. Our wait staff was rather inattentive and couldn't seem to be bothered. Price point: Average and depends on what you order.Last night, we ventured out from downtown to St. Henri to check out the Satay Brothers' permanent location. Food: We split a papaya salad, 2 steamed buns with pork belly, marinated meat sticks and each got the shrimp laksa Overall everything hit the spot in terms of authentic Singaporean flavours. The steamed pork buns were the real highlight - Super fresh and that mix of super soft buns, salty pork and crisp coriander is just unbeatable. The meat sticks were tender and flavourful; The peanut sauce on the side is to die for. The laksa was really comforting and definitely a bit spicier than expected. The only slight disappointment was the papaya salad. The dressing was a bit heavy on the lime juice and the nuts were not as crunchy as they could have been. We didn't order their special that night (Fish cakes with rice) but it sounded delicious. Next time I'm planning on trying the beef rendang and the short ribs. Service: Very cool, trendy and friendly servers. They are quick and efficient, working well with the go-go-go vibes of the restaurant as a whole. Decor: Everything from the order chits, the china-patterned plates and bamboo steamers are very modern-traditional. The family style tables are not too crammed. I'd love to sit closer to the kitchen in the back next time! I'd make a serious effort to arrive before 6pm if you don't want to wait too long in line!This is the best Asian anything restaurant in Montreal. The food is a 10 on 10 and they have super special private wine imports that are exciting and not even that expensive.The interior is super cool (I heard a brilliant but unknown obscure artist painted the wall trim by hand) and they play 70s reggae and other music that all awesome people with excellent taste will appreciate.If you don't eat here at least once you are not that smarts. Bye badi!This was a fun place. Ambiance was on point. The staff were nice and very attentive. Food was incredible and I personally liked the small snack sizes - good for ordering variety. Buns were encroyable.Food was ok, not much on the menu. Uncomfortable seats if your sitting on the stools. Very loud could hardly hear from across the table. Staff was very friendly.I LOVE laksa and actively sought out Satay Brothers to get my fix in. First we started with the special app of the day--deep fried shrimp donuts. They were absolutely delicious. Then onto my chicken laksa--it was very flavourful, perfect level of spicy, and the egg noodles were very good. The atmosphere is super fun and the  service was great. They have a projected big screen on the wall for games, making it a great venue to enjoy the game at. Satay Bros did not disappoint!First time here. It was buzzing w people 20-30 year olds. Probably one of the liveliest eats on this street. -vegetable bowl w addition of pork belly- good spicy sauce with veggies, potato and tofu to ease the spice-1 chicken wing- tasty and tender-pandan custard on top of sticky rice- I love both of those things so even so when combined. The sticky rice did seem a little hard.It's a very cold Canadian spring day and I'm grabbing a lunch at the Satay Brothers, but no, wait, it is actually summer, I'm back at their Atwater market stand, eating the same wonderful food, feeling relaxed and happy. This is how the new, permanent I hope, Satay Brothers location made me feel today, it brought me in the warm months. The new restaurant is spacious with a lot of seating options, including two bars. Atmosphere is laid back. Drinks menu has grown to unexpected heights, cocktails, wines etc. The guys working there seem to be the same cheerful folks from the market and they are doing nice job to satisfy the customers. The food is of the same quality as what you would find at the Atwater market stand, I like consistency. Chicken satay and spicy papaya salad are my favourite dishes, but suddenly I realized how perfect is to have the Laksa Lemak soup today, hot and spicy, warming up. The pork buns are still the same, puffy and delicious. Some of the dishes are available only during the evening, but this made my choice easier, just stick to what you love! I'll be back!Having been to the stand a number of times before we decided to check out the restaurant space. Later in the evening on a Sunday night in April when St. Henri is typically rather quiet, the restaurant was a great change of pace. The restaurant was busy but not packed and the communal tables don't feel atypically spacious (no elbow rubbing with strangers :) ). The food is the same as at the stand, high quality but a bit on the expensive side (3 steamed sandwiches, 6 satay, shrimp balls, and a pair of small deserts ran $50...  to food is in very small servings could be served from a truck so its a touch pricey).For desert the Kueh Salat, is a joy and a must have. A gelatinous custard on a bed of sticky coconut rice, it is a wonderful desert and should be had with every meal. Food was fast, servers were great, and the vibe was wonderful. We will definitely be back.You know a place is good when, they barely have any signage in front of the building and it still draws a long line on weekday. I was just visiting Montreal for the week, but read the reviews online and had to check it out.If you ask me, the soup is the star of the show, with pork buns a close second. I don't think the soup would be technically be considered pho, but the comparison is inevitable. They have couple different varieties of my meats and flavors, so you should be able to find something that works for you. I've only tried shrimp/chili variety and I was not disappointed. The soup even included a nice cheese (munster?) to give the dish a touch more "fusion". The pork buns are also great - nicely marinated and not too fatty. Finally, the sandwich and papaya salad are also worth a try.  Furthermore, the other patrons  I talked to were actually Montreal natives, and confirmed it was one of their favorite asian fusion spot in the city. If your in MTL and like southeast asian food, this place is worth the trip.This is the kind of place that makes me feel lucky to live in Montreal. I can't count the number of times I've been there and I usually don't like going back to restaurants since there are so many ones to try. The food is authentic and spicy so watch out if you can't handle heat. My favorite dishes to order are the tofu bun, the soup laksa (don't skip this one!) and the mee koreng. You know a place is good when you instantly start craving it again as soon as you walk out.      The ambiance and decor are very nice - it's perfect if you're in a group because it tends to get loud. If you haven't been yet, you are really missing out!Came here after reading some really good comments. Even thought the lineup was really long, the table turnover rate was quite high and we(4) got a table really fast. We basically ordered everything one of everything, pork bun, Papaya salad, short ribs, beef curry, laksa and chicken skewer. Everything was heavily seasoned, don't expect to have some natural flavour in there. Very small portion sizes though. The service was good until we asked for the bill. The guy wasn't happy that we wanted to split the bill (there were 4of us). When he punched in the amount for the first person, he entered $1 more than what's on the bill. When we pointed that out, he had a really bad attitude, asked "what do you want, it's just $1" and didn't even apologize. That was extremely disrespectful and such a bad ending to our meal.Came here for dinner over the weekend with a friend and it was packed! The interior is really impressive with bird cages, lanterns and an overall oriental decor. Their menu feature is kind of small but everything looked really enticing. We ended up getting the laksa with chicken, papaya salad, and pork buns. Food arrived quickly and smelled/tasted delicious! It was my first time having papaya salad so I wasn't expecting the unique sour twist but it was very enjoyable nonetheless. The pork buns were great as well but my favourite would have to be the laksa - spicy, creamy and very flavourful! Overall, portions were quite small considering the price, but everything tasted exceptional. Some things to note, it gets VERY loud inside, so might not be the optimal place to have a good conversation. Also the entrance can easily be overlooked since there isn't a big sign or anything so keep your eyes peeled!Amazing food and staff!!!! Took great care of our table and all the dishes we shared were awesome especially the braised beef which was quite spicy :)Awesome authentic food and staff in a laid back atmosphere. Try the papaya salad and shrimp sandwich when they have it on the menu.Good food, especially the papaya salad and the meat skewers  Also, awesome customer service...!Incontournable a Montreal. Very personal and friendly service. Excellent Asian food. Try the tofu steam buns and papaya salad. Vegetarian friendly. Cash only. Casual ambiance. Will be back again and again! That's all you need to know.Coming from Singapore, I'd like to think that I'm quite familiar with Southeast Asian cuisine. I tried Satay Brothers looking for some authentic cuisine from back home and it did not disappoint. The menu features dishes like laksa, mee goreng, pork buns, beef rendeng, papaya salad, and you guessed it, satay.The pork buns here are simply delicious. While they may be a turn off, due to their high price, I think they are well worth trying. The meat is tender and full of flavor, which goes perfectly with the soft bun. This is one of the better pork buns that I've had! Similarly, the satay is delicious, yet expensive. They also come in small portions. It's served with a peanut sauce, which is amazing and tastes similar to what you could get in Singapore. Finally, the laksa is a MUST try. It tastes truly authentic and is very delicious. It's a rich coconut based soup, with shrimp, bean sprouts, noodles and chili paste. Again, small portions. I would recommend ordering a lot to share with the group.There are also some Asian beers available, a small selection of deserts and appetizers. The service is also really good. All the waiters are really friendly and knowledgeable about the various dishes!Overall, Satay Brothers is delicious, but the portions are small and each dish is quite expensive. I recommend it to anyone looking for a taste of authentic Southeast Asian food. Try to order a variety of things and share!This place just became my new favourite southeast Asian fusion joint. Chill, unpretentious and most important of all: amazing food. They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait a bit. We were seated right away and got an amazing spot at the bar in front of the kitchen. We were almost in the kitchen. Coveted spot for me, but some might find it too hot and perhaps distracting. I enjoy watching the cooks do their thing. Plus, you get to see just how clean they are when cooking and prepping the food. Must try: the buns and the soup. Does not disappoint. They also have my favourite Thai beer: Singha. Try it.Came here on a Saturday at 6pm.  It was perfect timing; seats available for 2 (no wait), a lineup starts to form only after we got seated, and you don't need to pay for street parking starting at 6.We are regulars at the Atwater market location.  We had a craving for Singaporean food (the Laksa in particular) and so we decided to visit their dine-in restaurant.Location was easy to find.  The interior decor was nice - it had a nice comforting feel to it as if you know you are going to have a great homemade meal.  There are birdcages suspended from the ceiling, photos of Singapore, and a collection of vintage cooking appliances on the walls/shelves.  The seating, from what I can see from the entrance (we were seated at the front), were long tables with many chairs.... You may end up sharing a table with other clients.... (Why not strike up a conversation!).The menu is a 1-page sheet.  We ordered 2 soups and 2 desserts.  It was oh so good!  We devoured everything!  We ordered the Laksa Lamak, and a beef and shrimp soup that was suggested to us (I don't remember seeing it on the menu, but the bill said "Meerbus").  The recepie was right on.  Just as creamy and spicy and tangy as it should be.  The food was served quickly and our waitress, Monica, was friendly and knowledgeable by offering suggestions.  Every sip and bite of the soup was a flavour party in my mouth - every scoop had the right amount of broth, noodles (and meat).  The bowl of soup was the perfect serving size for 1 person each.  If you were really hungry, add some pork buns or the satays to your meal - also highly recommended!We never had their desserts before so it was our first time trying the coconut wrapped in the green crepe, and the tapioca butter cake.  Perfect choices to end our meal...light, and not too sweet.This place is highly recommended for couples on dates, trying out a new place with friends, or just grabbing a bite to eat alone.  You will be happy to give this place a try!Location: In the Southwest on Notre-Dame, west of Atwater. The closest subway is Lionel-Groulx and you're looking at about a 10-minute walk from there. Street parking is available [metered and un-metered].The place: Dimly lit but super cozy. It's got a bar vibe going on and is pretty casual. There are communal tables so you can get to know your neighbours. I really liked the space.The goods: I went with the Laksa Lemac, which is a soup with noodles, fish cakes, shrimp, boiled egg and SPICE. I liked the spice - it cleared up my sinuses. If you're not a fan of the heat, then let them know. I'm sure they can tone it down for you. I also tried a steamed bun with marinated tofu. As far as the soup goes, I really liked it. The bun was OK but it didn't blow me away because it was a little bland. Also, I couldn't really taste the marinade. Maybe my expectations were too high because while I did enjoy the food, I didn't leave there feeling wowed. I plan to go back to try the green papaya salad that I've heard so much about. Service: Honestly, everyone was pretty blasé and indifferent. The only guy that was friendly toward us was the bus boy. Our wait staff was rather inattentive and couldn't seem to be bothered. Price point: Average and depends on what you order.Last night, we ventured out from downtown to St. Henri to check out the Satay Brothers' permanent location. Food: We split a papaya salad, 2 steamed buns with pork belly, marinated meat sticks and each got the shrimp laksa Overall everything hit the spot in terms of authentic Singaporean flavours. The steamed pork buns were the real highlight - Super fresh and that mix of super soft buns, salty pork and crisp coriander is just unbeatable. The meat sticks were tender and flavourful; The peanut sauce on the side is to die for. The laksa was really comforting and definitely a bit spicier than expected. The only slight disappointment was the papaya salad. The dressing was a bit heavy on the lime juice and the nuts were not as crunchy as they could have been. We didn't order their special that night (Fish cakes with rice) but it sounded delicious. Next time I'm planning on trying the beef rendang and the short ribs. Service: Very cool, trendy and friendly servers. They are quick and efficient, working well with the go-go-go vibes of the restaurant as a whole. Decor: Everything from the order chits, the china-patterned plates and bamboo steamers are very modern-traditional. The family style tables are not too crammed. I'd love to sit closer to the kitchen in the back next time! I'd make a serious effort to arrive before 6pm if you don't want to wait too long in line!This is the best Asian anything restaurant in Montreal. The food is a 10 on 10 and they have super special private wine imports that are exciting and not even that expensive.The interior is super cool (I heard a brilliant but unknown obscure artist painted the wall trim by hand) and they play 70s reggae and other music that all awesome people with excellent taste will appreciate.If you don't eat here at least once you are not that smarts. Bye badi!This was a fun place. Ambiance was on point. The staff were nice and very attentive. Food was incredible and I personally liked the small snack sizes - good for ordering variety. Buns were encroyable.Food was ok, not much on the menu. Uncomfortable seats if your sitting on the stools. Very loud could hardly hear from across the table. Staff was very friendly.I LOVE laksa and actively sought out Satay Brothers to get my fix in. First we started with the special app of the day--deep fried shrimp donuts. They were absolutely delicious. Then onto my chicken laksa--it was very flavourful, perfect level of spicy, and the egg noodles were very good. The atmosphere is super fun and the  service was great. They have a projected big screen on the wall for games, making it a great venue to enjoy the game at. Satay Bros did not disappoint!First time here. It was buzzing w people 20-30 year olds. Probably one of the liveliest eats on this street. -vegetable bowl w addition of pork belly- good spicy sauce with veggies, potato and tofu to ease the spice-1 chicken wing- tasty and tender-pandan custard on top of sticky rice- I love both of those things so even so when combined. The sticky rice did seem a little hard.It's a very cold Canadian spring day and I'm grabbing a lunch at the Satay Brothers, but no, wait, it is actually summer, I'm back at their Atwater market stand, eating the same wonderful food, feeling relaxed and happy. This is how the new, permanent I hope, Satay Brothers location made me feel today, it brought me in the warm months. The new restaurant is spacious with a lot of seating options, including two bars. Atmosphere is laid back. Drinks menu has grown to unexpected heights, cocktails, wines etc. The guys working there seem to be the same cheerful folks from the market and they are doing nice job to satisfy the customers. The food is of the same quality as what you would find at the Atwater market stand, I like consistency. Chicken satay and spicy papaya salad are my favourite dishes, but suddenly I realized how perfect is to have the Laksa Lemak soup today, hot and spicy, warming up. The pork buns are still the same, puffy and delicious. Some of the dishes are available only during the evening, but this made my choice easier, just stick to what you love! I'll be back!Having been to the stand a number of times before we decided to check out the restaurant space. Later in the evening on a Sunday night in April when St. Henri is typically rather quiet, the restaurant was a great change of pace. The restaurant was busy but not packed and the communal tables don't feel atypically spacious (no elbow rubbing with strangers :) ). The food is the same as at the stand, high quality but a bit on the expensive side (3 steamed sandwiches, 6 satay, shrimp balls, and a pair of small deserts ran $50...  to food is in very small servings could be served from a truck so its a touch pricey).For desert the Kueh Salat, is a joy and a must have. A gelatinous custard on a bed of sticky coconut rice, it is a wonderful desert and should be had with every meal. Food was fast, servers were great, and the vibe was wonderful. We will definitely be back.You know a place is good when, they barely have any signage in front of the building and it still draws a long line on weekday. I was just visiting Montreal for the week, but read the reviews online and had to check it out.If you ask me, the soup is the star of the show, with pork buns a close second. I don't think the soup would be technically be considered pho, but the comparison is inevitable. They have couple different varieties of my meats and flavors, so you should be able to find something that works for you. I've only tried shrimp/chili variety and I was not disappointed. The soup even included a nice cheese (munster?) to give the dish a touch more "fusion". The pork buns are also great - nicely marinated and not too fatty. Finally, the sandwich and papaya salad are also worth a try.  Furthermore, the other patrons  I talked to were actually Montreal natives, and confirmed it was one of their favorite asian fusion spot in the city. If your in MTL and like southeast asian food, this place is worth the trip.This is the kind of place that makes me feel lucky to live in Montreal. I can't count the number of times I've been there and I usually don't like going back to restaurants since there are so many ones to try. The food is authentic and spicy so watch out if you can't handle heat. My favorite dishes to order are the tofu bun, the soup laksa (don't skip this one!) and the mee koreng. You know a place is good when you instantly start craving it again as soon as you walk out.      The ambiance and decor are very nice - it's perfect if you're in a group because it tends to get loud. If you haven't been yet, you are really missing out!Came here after reading some really good comments. Even thought the lineup was really long, the table turnover rate was quite high and we(4) got a table really fast. We basically ordered everything one of everything, pork bun, Papaya salad, short ribs, beef curry, laksa and chicken skewer. Everything was heavily seasoned, don't expect to have some natural flavour in there. Very small portion sizes though. The service was good until we asked for the bill. The guy wasn't happy that we wanted to split the bill (there were 4of us). When he punched in the amount for the first person, he entered $1 more than what's on the bill. When we pointed that out, he had a really bad attitude, asked "what do you want, it's just $1" and didn't even apologize. That was extremely disrespectful and such a bad ending to our meal.Came here for dinner over the weekend with a friend and it was packed! The interior is really impressive with bird cages, lanterns and an overall oriental decor. Their menu feature is kind of small but everything looked really enticing. We ended up getting the laksa with chicken, papaya salad, and pork buns. Food arrived quickly and smelled/tasted delicious! It was my first time having papaya salad so I wasn't expecting the unique sour twist but it was very enjoyable nonetheless. The pork buns were great as well but my favourite would have to be the laksa - spicy, creamy and very flavourful! Overall, portions were quite small considering the price, but everything tasted exceptional. Some things to note, it gets VERY loud inside, so might not be the optimal place to have a good conversation. Also the entrance can easily be overlooked since there isn't a big sign or anything so keep your eyes peeled!Amazing food and staff!!!! Took great care of our table and all the dishes we shared were awesome especially the braised beef which was quite spicy :)Awesome authentic food and staff in a laid back atmosphere. Try the papaya salad and shrimp sandwich when they have it on the menu.Good food, especially the papaya salad and the meat skewers  Also, awesome customer service...!Incontournable a Montreal. Very personal and friendly service. Excellent Asian food. Try the tofu steam buns and papaya salad. Vegetarian friendly. Cash only. Casual ambiance. Will be back again and again! That's all you need to know.Coming from Singapore, I'd like to think that I'm quite familiar with Southeast Asian cuisine. I tried Satay Brothers looking for some authentic cuisine from back home and it did not disappoint. The menu features dishes like laksa, mee goreng, pork buns, beef rendeng, papaya salad, and you guessed it, satay.The pork buns here are simply delicious. While they may be a turn off, due to their high price, I think they are well worth trying. The meat is tender and full of flavor, which goes perfectly with the soft bun. This is one of the better pork buns that I've had! Similarly, the satay is delicious, yet expensive. They also come in small portions. It's served with a peanut sauce, which is amazing and tastes similar to what you could get in Singapore. Finally, the laksa is a MUST try. It tastes truly authentic and is very delicious. It's a rich coconut based soup, with shrimp, bean sprouts, noodles and chili paste. Again, small portions. I would recommend ordering a lot to share with the group.There are also some Asian beers available, a small selection of deserts and appetizers. The service is also really good. All the waiters are really friendly and knowledgeable about the various dishes!Overall, Satay Brothers is delicious, but the portions are small and each dish is quite expensive. I recommend it to anyone looking for a taste of authentic Southeast Asian food. Try to order a variety of things and share!This place just became my new favourite southeast Asian fusion joint. Chill, unpretentious and most important of all: amazing food. They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait a bit. We were seated right away and got an amazing spot at the bar in front of the kitchen. We were almost in the kitchen. Coveted spot for me, but some might find it too hot and perhaps distracting. I enjoy watching the cooks do their thing. Plus, you get to see just how clean they are when cooking and prepping the food. Must try: the buns and the soup. Does not disappoint. They also have my favourite Thai beer: Singha. Try it.Came here on a Saturday at 6pm.  It was perfect timing; seats available for 2 (no wait), a lineup starts to form only after we got seated, and you don't need to pay for street parking starting at 6.We are regulars at the Atwater market location.  We had a craving for Singaporean food (the Laksa in particular) and so we decided to visit their dine-in restaurant.Location was easy to find.  The interior decor was nice - it had a nice comforting feel to it as if you know you are going to have a great homemade meal.  There are birdcages suspended from the ceiling, photos of Singapore, and a collection of vintage cooking appliances on the walls/shelves.  The seating, from what I can see from the entrance (we were seated at the front), were long tables with many chairs.... You may end up sharing a table with other clients.... (Why not strike up a conversation!).The menu is a 1-page sheet.  We ordered 2 soups and 2 desserts.  It was oh so good!  We devoured everything!  We ordered the Laksa Lamak, and a beef and shrimp soup that was suggested to us (I don't remember seeing it on the menu, but the bill said "Meerbus").  The recepie was right on.  Just as creamy and spicy and tangy as it should be.  The food was served quickly and our waitress, Monica, was friendly and knowledgeable by offering suggestions.  Every sip and bite of the soup was a flavour party in my mouth - every scoop had the right amount of broth, noodles (and meat).  The bowl of soup was the perfect serving size for 1 person each.  If you were really hungry, add some pork buns or the satays to your meal - also highly recommended!We never had their desserts before so it was our first time trying the coconut wrapped in the green crepe, and the tapioca butter cake.  Perfect choices to end our meal...light, and not too sweet.This place is highly recommended for couples on dates, trying out a new place with friends, or just grabbing a bite to eat alone.  You will be happy to give this place a try!Location: In the Southwest on Notre-Dame, west of Atwater. The closest subway is Lionel-Groulx and you're looking at about a 10-minute walk from there. Street parking is available [metered and un-metered].The place: Dimly lit but super cozy. It's got a bar vibe going on and is pretty casual. There are communal tables so you can get to know your neighbours. I really liked the space.The goods: I went with the Laksa Lemac, which is a soup with noodles, fish cakes, shrimp, boiled egg and SPICE. I liked the spice - it cleared up my sinuses. If you're not a fan of the heat, then let them know. I'm sure they can tone it down for you. I also tried a steamed bun with marinated tofu. As far as the soup goes, I really liked it. The bun was OK but it didn't blow me away because it was a little bland. Also, I couldn't really taste the marinade. Maybe my expectations were too high because while I did enjoy the food, I didn't leave there feeling wowed. I plan to go back to try the green papaya salad that I've heard so much about. Service: Honestly, everyone was pretty blasé and indifferent. The only guy that was friendly toward us was the bus boy. Our wait staff was rather inattentive and couldn't seem to be bothered. Price point: Average and depends on what you order.Last night, we ventured out from downtown to St. Henri to check out the Satay Brothers' permanent location. Food: We split a papaya salad, 2 steamed buns with pork belly, marinated meat sticks and each got the shrimp laksa Overall everything hit the spot in terms of authentic Singaporean flavours. The steamed pork buns were the real highlight - Super fresh and that mix of super soft buns, salty pork and crisp coriander is just unbeatable. The meat sticks were tender and flavourful; The peanut sauce on the side is to die for. The laksa was really comforting and definitely a bit spicier than expected. The only slight disappointment was the papaya salad. The dressing was a bit heavy on the lime juice and the nuts were not as crunchy as they could have been. We didn't order their special that night (Fish cakes with rice) but it sounded delicious. Next time I'm planning on trying the beef rendang and the short ribs. Service: Very cool, trendy and friendly servers. They are quick and efficient, working well with the go-go-go vibes of the restaurant as a whole. Decor: Everything from the order chits, the china-patterned plates and bamboo steamers are very modern-traditional. The family style tables are not too crammed. I'd love to sit closer to the kitchen in the back next time! I'd make a serious effort to arrive before 6pm if you don't want to wait too long in line!This is the best Asian anything restaurant in Montreal. The food is a 10 on 10 and they have super special private wine imports that are exciting and not even that expensive.The interior is super cool (I heard a brilliant but unknown obscure artist painted the wall trim by hand) and they play 70s reggae and other music that all awesome people with excellent taste will appreciate.If you don't eat here at least once you are not that smarts. Bye badi!This was a fun place. Ambiance was on point. The staff were nice and very attentive. Food was incredible and I personally liked the small snack sizes - good for ordering variety. Buns were encroyable.Food was ok, not much on the menu. Uncomfortable seats if your sitting on the stools. Very loud could hardly hear from across the table. Staff was very friendly.I LOVE laksa and actively sought out Satay Brothers to get my fix in. First we started with the special app of the day--deep fried shrimp donuts. They were absolutely delicious. Then onto my chicken laksa--it was very flavourful, perfect level of spicy, and the egg noodles were very good. The atmosphere is super fun and the  service was great. They have a projected big screen on the wall for games, making it a great venue to enjoy the game at. Satay Bros did not disappoint!First time here. It was buzzing w people 20-30 year olds. Probably one of the liveliest eats on this street. -vegetable bowl w addition of pork belly- good spicy sauce with veggies, potato and tofu to ease the spice-1 chicken wing- tasty and tender-pandan custard on top of sticky rice- I love both of those things so even so when combined. The sticky rice did seem a little hard.It's a very cold Canadian spring day and I'm grabbing a lunch at the Satay Brothers, but no, wait, it is actually summer, I'm back at their Atwater market stand, eating the same wonderful food, feeling relaxed and happy. This is how the new, permanent I hope, Satay Brothers location made me feel today, it brought me in the warm months. The new restaurant is spacious with a lot of seating options, including two bars. Atmosphere is laid back. Drinks menu has grown to unexpected heights, cocktails, wines etc. The guys working there seem to be the same cheerful folks from the market and they are doing nice job to satisfy the customers. The food is of the same quality as what you would find at the Atwater market stand, I like consistency. Chicken satay and spicy papaya salad are my favourite dishes, but suddenly I realized how perfect is to have the Laksa Lemak soup today, hot and spicy, warming up. The pork buns are still the same, puffy and delicious. Some of the dishes are available only during the evening, but this made my choice easier, just stick to what you love! I'll be back!Having been to the stand a number of times before we decided to check out the restaurant space. Later in the evening on a Sunday night in April when St. Henri is typically rather quiet, the restaurant was a great change of pace. The restaurant was busy but not packed and the communal tables don't feel atypically spacious (no elbow rubbing with strangers :) ). The food is the same as at the stand, high quality but a bit on the expensive side (3 steamed sandwiches, 6 satay, shrimp balls, and a pair of small deserts ran $50...  to food is in very small servings could be served from a truck so its a touch pricey).For desert the Kueh Salat, is a joy and a must have. A gelatinous custard on a bed of sticky coconut rice, it is a wonderful desert and should be had with every meal. Food was fast, servers were great, and the vibe was wonderful. We will definitely be back.You know a place is good when, they barely have any signage in front of the building and it still draws a long line on weekday. I was just visiting Montreal for the week, but read the reviews online and had to check it out.If you ask me, the soup is the star of the show, with pork buns a close second. I don't think the soup would be technically be considered pho, but the comparison is inevitable. They have couple different varieties of my meats and flavors, so you should be able to find something that works for you. I've only tried shrimp/chili variety and I was not disappointed. The soup even included a nice cheese (munster?) to give the dish a touch more "fusion". The pork buns are also great - nicely marinated and not too fatty. Finally, the sandwich and papaya salad are also worth a try.  Furthermore, the other patrons  I talked to were actually Montreal natives, and confirmed it was one of their favorite asian fusion spot in the city. If your in MTL and like southeast asian food, this place is worth the trip.