Mom and pop shop; sisters are servers, brother is the chef and mom does the desserts. Everything is "made with love" and as corney as that sounds, appears to accurately describe the made from scratch and home cooked feel of this cosey eatery.The place is pretty tiny, maybe holds 15-20 tables of average size. The sisters do a pretty good job of keeping an eye on everyone, and the older sisters bubbly personality made us feel at home. Food: the menu is very limited. With that being said there is enough variety to cover different tastes and they have beer and wine to match the meal or your tastes. The star or the menu is the Mac and cheese. I was skeptical at first but there is not another dish like this in my Mac and cheese adventures and deletions and fantastic seem like hollow descriptions in comparison. The roast beast with mushrooms and huge slices of bacon was the most ordered and most popular. Almost a stew, the beef fell apart with a fork and each spoonful held a magical moment with bacon and mushrooms in some kind of magical sauce. The bread is fresh made every day and comes already buttered to help you sop up every tasty bite. Honorable mention goes to the butternut squash soup and goat cheese with dried tomato tarte, both loved by those who ordered it, but not quite my style.For dessert, momma Robin had cheesecake, Creme brûlée, and a bread pudding that disappeared despite grumbles of full bellies before they hit the table. The sauce on the pudding is fantastic, but a little dry for me. The cheesecake was more cheese like than sweet and made a perfect compliment after dinner. The Creme brûlée was good too and all came with a chunk of semisweet chocolate. If my talent as a wordsmith has not impressed you, I will condense the above for you. I would go out of my way to visit again. You will not be disappointed.Perfect food, location and waitress/owner. Visited this place based on 5 star reviews and it did not disappoint. Went with the Mac and Cheese to start (and what meal can go wrong with that start). To be completely honest, it was too sweet for my taste. The Ham "garnish" was too Christmas-ey with cloves, honey, etc. I feared the meal was going to not live up to expectations. But, in comes the previously mentioned waitress/owner with a smoky Jalepeño chimichurri that saved the day. Completely transformed the sweetness into a smoky spicy masterpiece. Dinner was the ricotta gnocchi (made by her mother) with chipotle chicken, and pineapple chutney. Hands down best dish I have had in a year. No desert tonight, but would love to go back and tear into it. No doubt it would be amazing.My husband wanted us to leave when he saw the small limited menu but I convinced him to stay and give it a shot. Boy are we ever happy we stayed. This had to be one of the best dinners we have had in a long long time. The quality of the food is insane. We ordered the pork belly dish and the guineafowl dish with homemade gnocchi. If I had to pick between the two I'd go with the pork belly, just melted in your mouth, but both dishes were fantastic. The homemade herbed gnocchi was also a hit with a firmer and more chewy texture. We had the creme brûlée and the maple cake desserts and both were amazing. I also enjoyed a full bodied Spanish wine, although I can't remember the name of it. Overall wonderful dining experience. You can tell the restaurant uses fresh, local ingredients and the chef knows what he's doing. Totally worth the price tag. If you are in Montreal, don't miss this place!!!What a hidden gem! I love Montreal and their boutique restaurants! We visited as a Sunday morning cure after Halloween! The music was pumping and lively! The waitress greeted us and explained the family restaurant that everything was homemade even the bread! There is only a handful of things to order, but we visited for a late breakfast. Had the egg and pulled pork sandwich. Shortly after ordering they brought us a nicely played mini muffin and skewer of fresh grapes and orange. Our sandwich came out shortly after (very attentive service by the staff) the sandwich was huge! Very fresh ingredients! Meat was spiced very well and the eggs was cooked perfectly. It was satisfying and half was good for one person!  I wish I could find a place like this locally! What a great experience before heading back home! 10/10 must visit! Limited seating! But worth it! A must visit for their very filling meal and excellent service :)I had a really good meal here on my birthday, which occurred while I was on my honeymoon in Montreal. The food was delicious -- the mac and cheese was as good as promised -- and the atmosphere and service were excellent: homey and friendly. They were even kind enough to send me a complimentary dessert (a truly excellent pot of "cheesecake") for my birthday. I can't wait to come back to Montreal and eat here again.Stumbled upon this gem strolling through the streets of old Montreal. Excellent meal from start to finish. Service was great. Food was delicious. Prices were reasonable. Le Robin Square was one of our best meals in Montreal. I would recommend this place in a heartbeat.This place is absolutely amazing.   From the minute you walk into the door you are immediately greeted with an awesome vibe, the smell of deliciousness, and a service that is unheard of.    I absolutely adore the quaint atmosphere where you absorb the positive energy.   The food is outstanding.  Everything we ordered, the flavors were technically mastered to have a hint of intensity and subtle to different areas of your palate.   And the service was like you wanted to be their best friend or family member.   Awesome awesome job!!!We picked this restaurant based on the reviews and loved it. The Mac and cheese was incredible as was the guinea fowl and pork belly. The waitress/owner was super friendly. This was the best meal of our trip.We read the reviews and decided to try it out. A quirky feel good atmosphere with the whole family working hard to deliver a great dining experience.  Silvia was our server and was very friendly, helpful,  and full of positive energy. We had the pork belly, (excellent) a side salad of arugula  (very nice), goat cheese tart, (sun dried tomatoes were homemade and amazing).Dessert was a fantastic piece of cake soaked in maple syrup accompanied with chocolate pieces. What a perfect end to a great meal.A great family business with fabulous food crafted with care. Well worth trying out...We will be back!Love that this is a family run place. Everything made with love. Attentive service, delicious food and drinks. Was a nice little find in Old Montreal. Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.Love this place. Tonya and I enjoyed the food, vibe, aesthetics, and the host Sylvia! Easy 5 star!What's not to love? The food, atmosphere, Silvia, and the entire Robin family! It was really a perfect meal. My husband and I decided to have a sampler. To start, we shared the Caesar salad (and let me tell you, this isn't your average Caesar salad - I'm talking chorizo, chipotle chicken, soft boiled egg), then the mac & cheese (it's divine - less cheesy and more creamy, it's hard to describe), and finally the gnocchi that had a Mexican twist. Sadly, we were far too full for dessert. Silvia was a complete sweetheart and we spent time talking about travel, baking, the future, etc. If you love intimate, family run restaurants...this is your spot!Amazing. I'm in town for a conference and stumbled across this place on Yelp. It has a charming, modern yet homey vibe with wonderfully indulgent food. Everything (really, everything, including the bread) is made by Mama Robin and served by her brood. The quiche was the richest I've ever had. I only wish they had longer hours!This quaint size of this cool local has nothing in common with its service and dishes. As the Silvia said, "keep it simple' keep it local and keep it fresh!" What a winning formula. A definite must try! Thanks to all the Robin's for the great experience.Hands down one of the best restaurant I have ever had.  Everything was first class about this place.  The prawns were so fresh and service was perfect.  They even put on a show for you for your desert.  Overall great experienceFabulous find! Delicious and truly homemade food. Wonderful service. Small and may require a short wait but absolutely worth it!Delicious.  Small space with tremendous hospitality.  Short walk from the convention center.It was our first wedding anniversary. My wife and I were visiting Montreal for the first time. On our last night in the city, we were exhausted from sightseeing all day and decided to have dinner in. We were staying at an Airbnb around the block from the restaurant. When I popped-in to place the order, I was met by the most charming hostess. While multitasking, she graciously took my order, making recommendations and engaging me in conversation. I returned within 20 minutes and the order was ready. (The restaurant was busy, so this was impressive.) She even surprised us by giving us a complimentary homemade dessert order to celebrate our anniversary. The food was to die for! The favors were complex and the presentation was beautiful. Don't miss out on this place!Excellent food and prices! We highly recommend the gnocchi and the Mac and cheese.  Restaurant had a family feel to it, everyone was very nice and food was excellent!Stop debating where you should go. Just go to Robin Square right now. The mac and cheese is a perfect blend of delicate flavors including two cheeses and truffle oil. It's topped with home made honey baked ham. Stop reading. Just go. Fine. Not convinced? The staff is helpful and friendly. The salad had home made croutons and succulent braised meat. Why are you reading this? Stop. Go there now!Mom and pop shop; sisters are servers, brother is the chef and mom does the desserts. Everything is "made with love" and as corney as that sounds, appears to accurately describe the made from scratch and home cooked feel of this cosey eatery.The place is pretty tiny, maybe holds 15-20 tables of average size. The sisters do a pretty good job of keeping an eye on everyone, and the older sisters bubbly personality made us feel at home. Food: the menu is very limited. With that being said there is enough variety to cover different tastes and they have beer and wine to match the meal or your tastes. The star or the menu is the Mac and cheese. I was skeptical at first but there is not another dish like this in my Mac and cheese adventures and deletions and fantastic seem like hollow descriptions in comparison. The roast beast with mushrooms and huge slices of bacon was the most ordered and most popular. Almost a stew, the beef fell apart with a fork and each spoonful held a magical moment with bacon and mushrooms in some kind of magical sauce. The bread is fresh made every day and comes already buttered to help you sop up every tasty bite. Honorable mention goes to the butternut squash soup and goat cheese with dried tomato tarte, both loved by those who ordered it, but not quite my style.For dessert, momma Robin had cheesecake, Creme brûlée, and a bread pudding that disappeared despite grumbles of full bellies before they hit the table. The sauce on the pudding is fantastic, but a little dry for me. The cheesecake was more cheese like than sweet and made a perfect compliment after dinner. The Creme brûlée was good too and all came with a chunk of semisweet chocolate. If my talent as a wordsmith has not impressed you, I will condense the above for you. I would go out of my way to visit again. You will not be disappointed.Perfect food, location and waitress/owner. Visited this place based on 5 star reviews and it did not disappoint. Went with the Mac and Cheese to start (and what meal can go wrong with that start). To be completely honest, it was too sweet for my taste. The Ham "garnish" was too Christmas-ey with cloves, honey, etc. I feared the meal was going to not live up to expectations. But, in comes the previously mentioned waitress/owner with a smoky Jalepeño chimichurri that saved the day. Completely transformed the sweetness into a smoky spicy masterpiece. Dinner was the ricotta gnocchi (made by her mother) with chipotle chicken, and pineapple chutney. Hands down best dish I have had in a year. No desert tonight, but would love to go back and tear into it. No doubt it would be amazing.My husband wanted us to leave when he saw the small limited menu but I convinced him to stay and give it a shot. Boy are we ever happy we stayed. This had to be one of the best dinners we have had in a long long time. The quality of the food is insane. We ordered the pork belly dish and the guineafowl dish with homemade gnocchi. If I had to pick between the two I'd go with the pork belly, just melted in your mouth, but both dishes were fantastic. The homemade herbed gnocchi was also a hit with a firmer and more chewy texture. We had the creme brûlée and the maple cake desserts and both were amazing. I also enjoyed a full bodied Spanish wine, although I can't remember the name of it. Overall wonderful dining experience. You can tell the restaurant uses fresh, local ingredients and the chef knows what he's doing. Totally worth the price tag. If you are in Montreal, don't miss this place!!!What a hidden gem! I love Montreal and their boutique restaurants! We visited as a Sunday morning cure after Halloween! The music was pumping and lively! The waitress greeted us and explained the family restaurant that everything was homemade even the bread! There is only a handful of things to order, but we visited for a late breakfast. Had the egg and pulled pork sandwich. Shortly after ordering they brought us a nicely played mini muffin and skewer of fresh grapes and orange. Our sandwich came out shortly after (very attentive service by the staff) the sandwich was huge! Very fresh ingredients! Meat was spiced very well and the eggs was cooked perfectly. It was satisfying and half was good for one person!  I wish I could find a place like this locally! What a great experience before heading back home! 10/10 must visit! Limited seating! But worth it! A must visit for their very filling meal and excellent service :)I had a really good meal here on my birthday, which occurred while I was on my honeymoon in Montreal. The food was delicious -- the mac and cheese was as good as promised -- and the atmosphere and service were excellent: homey and friendly. They were even kind enough to send me a complimentary dessert (a truly excellent pot of "cheesecake") for my birthday. I can't wait to come back to Montreal and eat here again.Stumbled upon this gem strolling through the streets of old Montreal. Excellent meal from start to finish. Service was great. Food was delicious. Prices were reasonable. Le Robin Square was one of our best meals in Montreal. I would recommend this place in a heartbeat.This place is absolutely amazing.   From the minute you walk into the door you are immediately greeted with an awesome vibe, the smell of deliciousness, and a service that is unheard of.    I absolutely adore the quaint atmosphere where you absorb the positive energy.   The food is outstanding.  Everything we ordered, the flavors were technically mastered to have a hint of intensity and subtle to different areas of your palate.   And the service was like you wanted to be their best friend or family member.   Awesome awesome job!!!We picked this restaurant based on the reviews and loved it. The Mac and cheese was incredible as was the guinea fowl and pork belly. The waitress/owner was super friendly. This was the best meal of our trip.We read the reviews and decided to try it out. A quirky feel good atmosphere with the whole family working hard to deliver a great dining experience.  Silvia was our server and was very friendly, helpful,  and full of positive energy. We had the pork belly, (excellent) a side salad of arugula  (very nice), goat cheese tart, (sun dried tomatoes were homemade and amazing).Dessert was a fantastic piece of cake soaked in maple syrup accompanied with chocolate pieces. What a perfect end to a great meal.A great family business with fabulous food crafted with care. Well worth trying out...We will be back!Love that this is a family run place. Everything made with love. Attentive service, delicious food and drinks. Was a nice little find in Old Montreal. Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.Love this place. Tonya and I enjoyed the food, vibe, aesthetics, and the host Sylvia! Easy 5 star!What's not to love? The food, atmosphere, Silvia, and the entire Robin family! It was really a perfect meal. My husband and I decided to have a sampler. To start, we shared the Caesar salad (and let me tell you, this isn't your average Caesar salad - I'm talking chorizo, chipotle chicken, soft boiled egg), then the mac & cheese (it's divine - less cheesy and more creamy, it's hard to describe), and finally the gnocchi that had a Mexican twist. Sadly, we were far too full for dessert. Silvia was a complete sweetheart and we spent time talking about travel, baking, the future, etc. If you love intimate, family run restaurants...this is your spot!Amazing. I'm in town for a conference and stumbled across this place on Yelp. It has a charming, modern yet homey vibe with wonderfully indulgent food. Everything (really, everything, including the bread) is made by Mama Robin and served by her brood. The quiche was the richest I've ever had. I only wish they had longer hours!This quaint size of this cool local has nothing in common with its service and dishes. As the Silvia said, "keep it simple' keep it local and keep it fresh!" What a winning formula. A definite must try! Thanks to all the Robin's for the great experience.Hands down one of the best restaurant I have ever had.  Everything was first class about this place.  The prawns were so fresh and service was perfect.  They even put on a show for you for your desert.  Overall great experienceFabulous find! Delicious and truly homemade food. Wonderful service. Small and may require a short wait but absolutely worth it!Delicious.  Small space with tremendous hospitality.  Short walk from the convention center.It was our first wedding anniversary. My wife and I were visiting Montreal for the first time. On our last night in the city, we were exhausted from sightseeing all day and decided to have dinner in. We were staying at an Airbnb around the block from the restaurant. When I popped-in to place the order, I was met by the most charming hostess. While multitasking, she graciously took my order, making recommendations and engaging me in conversation. I returned within 20 minutes and the order was ready. (The restaurant was busy, so this was impressive.) She even surprised us by giving us a complimentary homemade dessert order to celebrate our anniversary. The food was to die for! The favors were complex and the presentation was beautiful. Don't miss out on this place!Excellent food and prices! We highly recommend the gnocchi and the Mac and cheese.  Restaurant had a family feel to it, everyone was very nice and food was excellent!Stop debating where you should go. Just go to Robin Square right now. The mac and cheese is a perfect blend of delicate flavors including two cheeses and truffle oil. It's topped with home made honey baked ham. Stop reading. Just go. Fine. Not convinced? The staff is helpful and friendly. The salad had home made croutons and succulent braised meat. Why are you reading this? Stop. Go there now!